<Page1>
　The time went by without a hitch.
　It's a good idea to take a bath, do some light prep work, and lie down in bed.
<Page2>
　...... Now it's all back to normal.
　It's a farewell to two days of nothing but killing each other.
　If you close your eyes and sink into a dark sleep, the remaining fire in your body will also be extinguished.
<Page3>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　Even though the eyelids, or even the consciousness, is closed, it comes back vividly.
　In the midst of the extreme cold that is blowing, the image of her sparking.
　There may be other unforgettable moments, but somehow this one stands out above the rest.
<Page4>
　It's like a snapshot burned into my memory.
　Tears involuntarily well up in my eyes just thinking back on this one photo.
　It's as if I've witnessed a weepy prayer, a weepy vow, and it's painful.
<Page5>
　I couldn't take it anymore and opened my eye lids.
　I wiped away the tears that had collected in the corners of my eyes and looked up at the still unfamiliar ceiling.
　It's ...... a quiet but unsettling feeling.
　It's the same as what you felt in your senior's room three days ago.
<Page6>
　If you're looking for the best of the best, you're in the right place.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to buy a lot of things, and you'll also be able to buy a lot of things.
<Page7>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with your family and friends. ...... Is it simply a matter of reaching out to a junior who can't be left alone? It's like picking up an abandoned puppy in the rain.
<Page8>
"'...... I suppose so. I'm not sure what to make of that.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
<Page9>
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family and friends.
　If you do that, most of the events will be in the past.
<Page10>
"...... and ......"
　My consciousness is slowly closing in on the abyss.
　This is how the ...... peacefully passed holiday ended.
　I lay in bed and fell into a vague sleep, as if tricking myself.
<Page11>
　I woke up when I felt someone calling me.
　My body felt sluggish and wanted to sleep right away.
　But my consciousness is clear, so I can't fall back asleep.
<Page12>
　At times like this, reading is good.
　You'll feel sleepy as you follow the records.
　I get out of bed and move to the next room.
　I chose an appropriate book from the bookshelf and started to read from an appropriate page.
<Page13>
　　　　　　　--- "Immortality" ---.
<Page14>
　If the words were true, it would be one of the things that define eternity.
　However, as a practical matter, there is no such thing that has reached that level.
<Page15>
　Vampires, who do not age and are said to come back to life after being killed, are no exception.
　They are defective products that cannot maintain themselves without replenishing blood from others.
　In addition, the replenishment is limited to the same species - in this case, most of them are human - and lacks versatility.
　Although it claims to be a transcendent species, it is not an evolution but a degeneration.
　A life that cannot be sustained without dependence on others is no different from a human being.
<Page16>
　If it is a perpetual motion machine as a single species, there have been near-perfect creatures since long ago.
　They use their own bodies as food and reproduce on it.
　There is no such thing as a lifespan. Old cells become food as a source of nutrition and continue to produce new cells.
　It's called a swarm. For example, the sea moon.
　However, it is a perpetual motion machine because it does not have the extra function of intelligence. If you say that it is okay not to have intelligence, it is no different from the conclusion that death is eternal.
<Page17>
　If you want to be eternal while maintaining your human form, immortality is not an option.
　The long years disintegrate the body and atrophy the precision of thought.
　Immortality or eternity?
　I don't want to live in an immortal life.
　Eternity is not possible if we stick to the individual.
<Page18>
　In conclusion.
　I'd rather live as a single person than live forever.
　I chose infinity, which is eternal existence.
<Page19>
"...... is certainly an approach that has never been taken by our ancestors.
　But wouldn't that approach be less eternal if we were to become extinct?
　A human embryo is essential to your means. It's no different than the longevity of the mortals in that it depends on external factors.
<Page20>
'That's all right. A human being cannot function properly without another human being.
　If humans were to become extinct, the very act of trying to survive on your own would be worthless.
　My immortality would end at that point.
<Page21>
'...... Ha.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　But... that's a long way from your proposition of eternity, snake.
<Page22>
'No, it's eternity. When the time comes for all to perish, let them all perish. When there are no more observers, then everything is immutable. The eternity that I embody is a temporary beginning until that time.
　I can't bring everything to nothing. That's why I'm trying to live on like this until that time.
　...... most. Now there is only one other thing to look forward to.
<Page23>
I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm so glad I found this ocean.
　You should be proud of your immortal workshop.
<Page24>
'You should be proud. You should be proud of it. It means that your magic was able to withstand eight hundred years of technological innovation.
　You can devote yourself to your experiments here without anyone getting in your way.
　No one, not even the consciousness of the stars, can find this wandering sea. Isn't that right?
<Page25>
'...... That's only until the next New Year, though.
　All right. I'll gladly accept the request of a fellow countryman with a year to live.
　I'm somewhat curious as to what you've been up to in the North Sea. I'd like to hear it as a valuable anecdote.
<Page26>
'Oh no, we'll talk about that after the main topic. It didn't make for a very interesting story.
　Well. Then I will teach you the mystery of spilling the principle in you into reality, though only a little.
　With that divine work, there is one person I want you to capture.