<Page1>
　I start walking towards the doorway. And ......
"I'm not sure what to say.
　I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
　...... Oh man. The sluggishness and feverishness in my whole body is getting ...... worse than before.
<Page2>
"I'm not sure what to say.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it. Isn't it especially bad this morning?"
<Page3>
"...... Ah. Actually, I feel a little feverish.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page4>
"I'm not sure what to say. It is not your brother's fault that you are not feeling well.
　Amber ...... is preparing breakfast, so shall I call Dr. Arakku? Jade, please contact me. He should be at the pavilion this morning.
"Very well, sir."
<Page5>
What do you mean, "Dr. Arakku"? ...... What are you doing calling that man? I mean, is he there, the doctor?
<Page6>
"...... Brother. I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that. He'll get carried away and you'll lose your mind.
<Page7>
"Dr. Arakku stayed at my house last night. It seems that he hasn't returned yet, so let's have him examine your brother's body.
　He looks like a surgeon, but he's also a surgeon. If you live here, you will see him often, so please take this opportunity to deepen your friendship."
<Page8>
"Surgery ......"
　I'm not injured in any way, and I can't say that I am.
　Underneath my clothes, I was covered in scratches.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page9>
"If you want to see a doctor, I'll go first. That man is in Rourkela, isn't he?"
　But did we have such a thing in our house?
<Page10>
"'Here is fine. It's a long way from Loukaku.
　I'll be right over. Have your fever and pulse checked.
The antipyretic is ...... No, I think it would be better to ask Amber for the medicine. ......
　Brother?　What are you so nervous about? Don't tell me, at your age, you're not good at doctor's visits?
<Page11>
"I'm used to it. That's not what I meant.
"Oh. So you don't like Dr. Arakku?
"He's the kind of guy you can't get along with. That's not what I'm talking about.
<Page12>
"What does ...... have to do with it? If you're unhappy, why don't you speak up?
　Oh, I see, I can speak up clearly. Well, I'll take your word for it.
<Page13>
"Can I take off my clothes here?
　I take off all my clothes when I examine you.
"What do you mean, all your clothes?
<Page14>
"..................
　No, that's just perverted.
　I think I didn't say it well enough.
<Page15>
"It's not like you're going to be completely naked. It's usually just the top.
"So, right? You mean just the top, don't you?
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page16>
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page17>
"...... Kohon.
　I'm going to leave my seat, so please go to the dining room as soon as you finish your examination.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page18>
　Akiha leaves the room.
　Good. It's a good idea to take a look at the website to see if there is anything you can do to help.
<Page19>
　I'm not sure what to do.
　If you're looking for the best way to get the most out of your business, you should look for a company that can help you.
　I'm not sure if I'm in a good mood or not, but I'm sure I'll be able to make it through the courtyard with my cheerful steps.
　In the event that you've got a lot of time, you'll be able to take a look at a few of the best ways to get the most out of your home. ......
<Page20>
"I'm not sure what to say.
　I'm not sure what to do.
I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure if I'm going to fall prey to the stew-like adolescent boy disease.
<Page21>
　I'm not going to go into the house, but directly into the living room from the terrace.
<Page22>
"I'm sorry. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be fine.
<Page23>
"I'm not sure what to say.　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm sure you'll be able to understand what I mean.　I'm not sure.　You can't have too many lives if you're impregnating everyone you see!
　Oh, you are indeed an omnivore, hyning like an instinct!
<Page24>
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page25>
"...............
　I'm not sure what to make of this, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　I hope it's only this morning that it's special.
<Page26>
"I'm not sure what to make of it. Take it out right away. I'm going to rustle it a little.
Hmm?　Just take off your jacket?　You just want me to check his pulse and heartbeat?
　Oh, that's no good. You shouldn't lie, you know.　Shiki-chan, you have a lot of bad parts all over your body. You have to take care of your knees, ankles, elbows and hips too. If you leave it alone, it won't heal by tomorrow.
<Page27>
"------"
　I stretched my back and seriously reviewed Dr. Arakku.
　You can find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
<Page28>
"You can see that. I'm a professional.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.　You can find out the damage to your internal organs just by looking at your complexion, to be honest.
<Page29>
"Yes, that's the reason, so please be quiet and wear pants. Hmm, poultices will be a hindrance, so I'll use ointment as much as possible. I'll also give you an intravenous drip, nutritional supplements. Anyway, you're lacking in many things, aren't you?"
<Page30>
"Yes, yes. Oh, no, I'm gonna have to wear pants, huh?
"Pants are pants. You're supposed to wear only pants. That's why you're leaving the room, isn't it, Lord Chang?　That's good, pantyhose. I like it. You can have Zenra if you want.
"....... You're not drinking, are you?
<Page31>
"No!　No, I'm not!　I'm always serious!
　I'd like to say that, but I'm actually high, really high. Since last night, my brain has been pumping out drugs. Is it that my personal life has become more fulfilling?　I've been doing a lot of routine work lately. You need some turbulence in your life, don't you? I'm very grateful to Shiki-chan for that.
That's why I'll give you a special checkup this morning!
"I don't know when you took it off.
<Page32>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　Resistance is pointless. ...... No, resistance will not allow the examination to proceed.
　It's a good idea to keep your eyes on the prize, but it's not always easy.
<Page33>
　The examination was over in about 10 minutes.
　He applied ointment to the areas where the inflammation was particularly bad, and had the joints taped as a precaution.
　With just that, my condition improved dramatically.
　Isn't this guy a great doctor if he keeps his mouth shut?
<Page34>
"'Hmm, but you injured yourself with such dexterity. The area around your shoulder blade is a bit unusual.
What?　Wasn't there more than one or two people you fought with?　I mean, you didn't bring out a knife, did you?
<Page35>
"I'm sure you'll have a great time.
　I'm sorry ...... Dr. Arakku. I'm not going to tell anyone about this.
<Page36>
"Doctor!　I said "Doctor"!　I'm not going to tell you.　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that, but I'm not sure 30% is very much. ......
<Page37>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.　I'm sure you'll be able to figure out what's going on.
"No, I wasn't. I was alone, the whole time.
<Page38>
"Hmm. Well, that's okay. If anyone else is injured, let me know, okay?　I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm sure you'll be fine. I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you.
<Page39>
"..............."
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page40>
"I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
　I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get back my strength yet, though. I'm going to put a drip in it later. I've got a pack of IVs for you, Shiki-chan.　If we don't use it up and get rid of the stock, we won't get the next budget from the head of the family.
　That's why, after dinner, it's ultra drip time in my room!　It'll take about an hour, so leave it open in the morning!
　So long, Chao."
<Page41>
　Dr. Arakku left in a hurry.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to make of it.