<Page1>
"What, here ......?"
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　Damp air. The smell of rot that makes you want to cry. The darkness that cannot be seen an inch ahead. All of them make her intellect melt.
<Page2>
"What the hell is this place ......?"
　I can't remember what happened a few minutes ago.
　I can't even remember where I was.
<Page3>
　I think I heard men's voices.
　I think I went down by my own will.
　I think I used the elevator.
　On the way down, I think I realized that this was no joke of an urban legend, but the truth of a city that I really shouldn't be involved in, and I desperately kept pressing the stop button.
<Page4>
"Where the hell are we?
　But that was already in the past.
　For humans, time is irreversible. It is asymmetrical. As long as it is not symmetrical, you can not return to the past from the future.
<Page5>
　That's it.
　When she found out, she was in the middle of hell.
<Page6>
"Ah ...... ah, ah, ah ......!"
　Scared of the darkness, she put her hand on the wall. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. It smells fishy. Soft. This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with us.
　Because if I don't do so, I can't go on.
　I can't go forward into the darkness.
　I can't get away from the footsteps that have been following me around since a while ago.
<Page7>
"No, no, no, no, no. ......!
　You have to walk with your face twisted into a crumpled mess while scraping out your guts.
"Hee ......!"
　As you move forward, you will hear a scream that sounds like metal grinding together from within the wall.
<Page8>
I'm not sure what to do.
"Are you human?　Hey, don't go!　Don't go to ......!
"Mother... ......Mother... ......
"Let me out, let me out, let me out, let me out.
<Page9>
"Hii ...... hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!"
　I can't believe it's the voice of the same creature.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
<Page10>
　But there was nothing they could do about their bodies.
　Without limbs, they hung from the ceiling like cloaks.
<Page11>
"No, no, no, I don't want to die, I don't want to die ......!
　Ignore the pleas of the things that have already ended and run away.
　Light. Light. Anyway, I wanted a light. You can escape with it.
<Page12>
　There is a goal, and the men of the guide were laughing.
　Then there must be a way out.
　That is the only way to save us. Even if you are aware that it is a lie, the sanity that barely remains continues to cling to that hope.
<Page13>
"Akari ...... Akari, Akari, Akari ......!"
　I've been looking back for a while.
　It occurred to her that she was not alone.
　You should have come with your girlfriend. It's a good thing you're not the only one. That's why I said I'd give it a try, just for fun. It's all his fault. I hope he dies. I wish he'd die quickly. I hope he dies before I do. If only I could save myself. I'm the only one who can be saved. Because I'm special. I haven't done anything wrong.
I didn't do anything wrong. There is no reason for me to be in this situation. This kind of thing only happens to people who are more vulgar and dumber than you or people who are more fortunate and lucky than you. It's not about me. I have nothing to do with it. I've lived a good life. I've lived a pretty normal life. I'm going to live a normal life. That's why I'm not the only one who's going through this...
<Page14>
"Huh...?#I'm sorry.
　The dimness ceases. The darkness fills in.
　In it.
　She saw herself on fire.
<Page15>
"You'll be able to get a lot more than just a pair of shoes.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
　The fat of the flesh is burning so red and red that you can see it.
<Page16>
　Thank God, she laughed.
　Because.
　We finally have a light.
<Page17>
"Oh, ...... I'm on fire. ...... Oh, my God!
　Look, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, I'm on fire!
　The human model laughs loudly.
　A human torch illuminates the darkness.
　It is a mercy.
　A blow of mercy to stab it down.
<Page18>
"Dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada..."
　She burns up, spewing boiling blood.
　As if savoring the temperature, Sole drank down the fresh blood.
<Page19>
　The hell returns to its original darkness.
　Sole finishes her minimal meal and crosses the Lordless Hell.
　Behind him are countless corpses.
　The river of flames where the lost humans and the dead who were the inhabitants of this cemetery were equally reduced to ashes.
<Page20>
"---It's cold here."
<Page21>
　Even the breath you exhale is smoky.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
"The heart of the true ancestor is in my hands."

　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with your family.