<Page1>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　You can find a lot of different types of vampires, but there are two main types.
<Page2>
"You can find a lot of different types of vampires.
　The former are called the true ancestors and the latter are called the dead.
<Page3>
"The ones you are calling vampires are the Dead.
　I'm not sure if you've heard of it or not. They suck human blood, use them as their servants, are weak in the sun, and are defeated before the baptismal ritual.
　Our enemies are also vampires who are distinguished from the dead.
<Page4>
　Before you know it, you've gone from 'my enemies' to 'our enemies'. I'd like to point this out, but it's not a mistake at present, so let's go through it.
<Page5>
"...... Hmmm. I'm sure you'll be able to find something that will help you out.
<Page6>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web.
　Well, the result is the same in both cases.
　Those who become vampires gain an imperfect but immortal body and are removed from the human category.
<Page7>
"............
　There are two types of vampires: those that have been vampires from the beginning, the true ancestors, and those that have been vampires since the beginning.
　I don't know what to say.
　I think it's .......
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page8>
"I'm not sure what to say. How much do you know about the characteristics of vampires?"
<Page9>
"I only have a common image.
　The most common image of vampires is that they suck the blood of virgins, make you feel like you are tied up in gold just by staring at you, turn you into a mist, or turn you into a wolf .......
<Page10>
"Yeah, I think that's pretty much it.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to use it to buy a lot of things. It's more nutritious than normal blood, that's the difference."
<Page11>
"The mortals--those who are acquired as vampires--are imperfectly immortal. It is true that they have been transformed into a life form with dynamic cells that make them immortal and resistant to death.
　But it's like a fire that burns, and if you don't constantly replenish its energy, it goes out.
<Page12>
"Any living thing needs to be nourished in order to function.　It's the same. This is the reason why it is important to keep in mind that a lot of people do not like to be told what to do.
<Page13>
"In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　They were originally human, so it's impossible for them to have an immortal body.
<Page14>
"The longer they live and the more power they gain, the less able their genes are to withstand the increase in atoms. The longer they live, the more power they gain. The more power they gain, the more atoms they lose. If they don't keep gaining power, they collapse.
<Page15>
"What do we do to compensate for this?
　It's simple. We can take in normal order from other sources, not the abnormal order we have, and supplement the order that is being lost.
<Page16>
"Just like humans like organic compounds in their diet.
　The vampire gathers its normal genetic information and heat from the blood. Heat of the soul, if you will.
<Page17>
"So, by sucking human blood and taking in its genetic information, they are fixing their own bodies.
　For the dead, bloodsucking is not only a way to eat and save power, but it is also an essential part of their existence.
<Page18>
"............
　It's complicated. And it's long.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page19>
"This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a kind of magic eye.
　It's a very useful and powerful magic circuit, and there are many bloodsucking species with magic eyes.
<Page20>
"It's easy to understand the directional magic release function.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.　That's what it looks like.
<Page21>
"Wait, you're saying there's a beam?
　I'm not sure what to make of that.
<Page22>
"What ......?　You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
　I'm not sure what to make of it. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. It's just an image.
　I'm sure you're right. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
<Page23>
"What's the point of a magical eye?
"It's a special eye. It's a special eye that uses a magic circuit to release a process of magic. ...... It's a kind of technology.
<Page24>
"I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.　I'm not sure what to say.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page25>
"I'm not sure what to do. In the event that you're not sure what you're looking for, you'll be able to find out more about it on the web.
<Page26>
"In the event that you're not sure what to do, you'll be able to ask your doctor.
　In the event that you're not sure what to do, you'll be able to find out how to do it on your own.
<Page27>
　...... Hmm.
　I'm sure you'll agree that it's a great idea.
　I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page28>
"...... theory aside, the point is that seeing the eye is bad?
"Yes, very well. It's a good idea to keep your eyes on the road and not on your face when facing a vampire.
　It's suicide to make eye contact with a vampire.
<Page29>
"Next comes the fog, right?
　This can be classified into two types.
　The higher ones are the ones that really turn into particles. It is a remote technique that diffuses itself and becomes a phenomenon. There must be only a few dead people who can do this for a long time and in a wide area.
<Page30>
"And the lowly one is blindness. I'm not sure if it's easier to understand if it's Kage Musha?
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. When they're done, they cut off the magic power that controls the alter, and it turns to dust and fizzles out, so it looks like it's just "fizzled out."
<Page31>
　Hmmm...
　I'm not sure if you've heard of it or not.
　This guy is not a foreign ...... vampire, but a foreign vampire who knows a lot about Japanese culture.
<Page32>
"It's a byproduct of using a vampire to compensate for a damaged body.
　The more years a vampire has lived, the less time they have to supplement their decaying body with normal life. So they take in a powerful beast and use it as a body.
　When necessary, the beast is returned to its original state and used, so it appears to have "turned into a wolf" or "turned out a wolf."
<Page33>
"The Dead take at least one of the old beasts into their bodies as a life repair. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
<Page34>
"I'm not sure what to say.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page35>
"In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, please do not hesitate to contact us.
　I'm sure you'll have a lot of questions.
<Page36>
"..............."
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　In the event that you're not sure what you're looking for, you'll be able to find a lot more information on the web.