<Page1>
"That's right, Akiba.
　What's going on with our house now?
What do you mean by "what's going on"?
　If it is a question of ownership, I will inherit it sooner or later.
<Page2>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　I'm not sure what to make of that.
<Page3>
"I'm not talking about that, but simply the situation of the house.
　I'm sure you'll be happy to know that it's only me, Akiha, Amber and Jade who are here now.
　I'm just wondering what's going on with the rooms you're using and stuff like that.
<Page4>
"In principle, all the rooms except ours are locked up.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a good idea to have a good time.
　Jade's room is in the middle of the second floor of the West Wing.
　Amber's room is at the north end of the first floor of the west wing.
<Page5>
"The playroom and drawing room on the second floor are closed, but will be open if you wish to bring a friend.
　Your father's study is ...... locked up tight because there are still important documents in it. Even if you are my brother, you are not allowed in here, so please keep it to yourself.
<Page6>
"I see. I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's an intimidating space for the common people.
<Page7>
"Brother?
"I'm not sure what to say, but it's a high-class space where you have to make an appointment in advance. I understand.
<Page8>
"...... There's a problem with the wording, but you're generally right.
　The rest is ...... true. It was open when my brother was here, but the annex and the botanical garden are closed as well.
　They won't be under control for a while."
<Page9>
　The annex is for out-of-town guests to stay, and the botanical garden was built when Makihisa was a student.
　Before he succeeded the family as the head of the family, Makihisa Tono had been devoted to agricultural science, especially breeding science. The botanical garden is said to be a remnant of that time.
<Page10>
"So he closed all the other facilities.
　Oh. And the swimming pool?
"The pool is an exception. It's only closed because it's fall, but when the season comes, we'll reopen it with a contractor.
<Page11>
　That's good to know.
　I was not allowed to use it when I was a child, but I will be able to have a rich experience next summer vacation.