<Page1>
　I never thought I would see a time when I would ...... see such a scene.
　I'm not sure if you can call it a demolition.
　The whole city floated up and became a huge weight and is about to fall to the ground.
<Page2>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　The foot of it. In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page3>
"Falling ......!
<Page4>
"Is ......... it over?"
　The city was surrounded by silence.
　You can find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
<Page5>
"It's a good idea. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page6>
　But. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
"This is a great way to get the most out of your day.
　My legs wobbled and I almost fell over.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your day.
<Page7>
　You will find a lot of people who are looking for a great deal more.
　This is because of the fact that it's the best way to go.
　It's not a thought like before, but the Loa inside me is making me nauseous.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page8>
"......!"
　The headache resumes.
　Loa is indignant.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
<Page9>
"You can find a lot more information on the web.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not a fan. I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to do.
<Page10>
　The world shakes.
　Roa's pain is getting stronger.
　---It's no good, I can't stand still.
　Unable to look at his consciousness or the world properly, he clings to the rooftop fence.
<Page11>
"Eh---?"
　It is. It was the embodiment of an illusion, far more far removed from reality than the natural catastrophe I had just seen.
<Page12>
"Al-Quade.
　I don't want to know, but I do.
　It's just a light.
　It can't be called life, it's just a natural phenomenon.
　And yet, my brain recognizes it clearly.
　It's Alcade.
<Page13>
　I don't know how or why, but that light is Alcade itself.
　But why?
　What the hell is going on and why is it happening like that?
<Page14>
I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　There's nothing in it for us.
　It's an ugly ending.
　You ever heard of the demon core experiment?
　Oh, if you haven't, that's fine. I wasn't expecting it.
<Page15>
"------"
　A soothing man's voice whispered in my ear.
　It is the voice of another person, not me, that comes from inside my body.
<Page16>
"You...!
　The other person's voice echoes in my skull.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with your family and friends.
<Page17>
I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm not sure what to do with it.
　Even the dead will jump up.
　I'm not even embezzling the power that drives you.
　I'm sure it's less unpleasant.
<Page18>
"............"
　Sure, there's a slight numbness to every word, but nothing so painful that you want to crack your skull open.
　It is certainly not uncomfortable ...... to have other people's voices echoing in your head. Rather, there was a strange sense of solidarity or relief.
　There is something wrong with that. To have a sense of camaraderie with this man who is the source of it all,......!
<Page19>
It's a normal reaction.
　I'm not ready to inherit this vessel right now.
　I also ruled out the option of merging with Tohno Shiki.
　I have no opinion or advice on your choice.
　I am an auxiliary personality who brings opinions, advice, commentary and criticism from a different perspective to your choices.
　Yeah, it's like a car navigation system.
　Your underlying rationality has no aversion to useful functions.
<Page20>
"Well..."
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page21>
"I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to make of it.
It's a light body.
"A glowing body. ......?"
<Page22>
"A state of excitation possessed only by the royal families of the true ancestors.
　It's a reaction to the complete destruction of an ancestor's body by any means.
<Page23>
I'm sure you've heard of it.
　The Alcade Brunstad is a "small and heavy thing".
　When it is active, it increases its power.
"to always be one step above its opponent."
　It's not a sign of versatility. It's just a fetter.
<Page24>
"When the limitations of her body are removed.
　"and her mental activity is undiminished.
　The power is not controlled.
　The magic contained in the body will be diffused.
　And the energy it draws from the earth's surface will be unrestricted.
<Page25>
This is the phenomenon of inflation.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a system failure.
　A system failure that should never have happened.
　That's right. In a nutshell, it's nature's way of cleaning up
　It's nature's way of purging itself of consumer civilization. ...... No, think of it as a retaliatory mechanism.
<Page26>
"------, that is."
"I apologize. I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what you're talking about.
　I mean, you're out of control, you're dripping magic, you're an uncontrollable asshole.
<Page27>
"So, I'm sorry!
　I can see that when I look at it.
　That's right. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　You can find a lot more than just a few of them.
<Page28>
I'm not sure what to make of it.
　But that woman is immortal as long as I'm around.
　You can consider it as a situation where you are still living while dying.
<Page29>
"------"
　Both legs were moving before I understood.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page30>
　You can listen to the lecture later.
　I'm not sure what that thing is.
　If your whole body is shaking just looking at it.
　It's not the time to stand around here ......!
<Page31>
I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
　So, as someone who uses the same thought process.
　I'll give you some advice.
　---I was wondering if...
　Did you enjoy killing yourself?
"Mind your own business, a man who has died 16 times, shut up!"
<Page32>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　There is nothing wrong with your body if you land from this height.
　It's ...... horrifying.
　I feel nauseated by the disgust that has gone out of decent life.
<Page33>
　But now I accept this disgusting feeling too.
　It's a good idea to use the other people in the corner of your head, the body that's about to become a vampire, and your abnormal ability to see death.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.