<Page1>
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　The center of the event began to distort.
<Page2>
　The city melts. The city disappears.
　As if to deny the history and technology that people have built.
　As if trying to return the earth to its original state.
　The maelstrom of events that houses the crude laws laid out on the planet is opening its mouth.
<Page3>
"--------- "
　She watches it supernaturally.
　It's not amusing, and she doesn't feel guilty.
　The only thing filling her thoughts was one life.
<Page4>
　I hate you. I kill him.
　I like ■■. I want ■■.
　I hate ■■. I kill him.
　I like you. I want you.
　I hate you. I kill him.
　I like you. I want it.
<Page5>
　The pain which was cut off the neck has already been forgotten.
　More than that, the event just before that is tormenting her whole body.
<Page6>
　That was the disappearance which is more than death.
　She was aware that there was nothing missing until now.
　She thought she owned everything, though she had no intention of actually using it.
　And yet, it was a self-indulgent all-rounder.
　When ■■ rejected her, she was finally reminded that she didn't have any of it.
<Page7>
"--------- "
　Instantly, she forgot that she was a true ancestor.
　It hurt, it was painful, it was hateful, it was sad, but most of all, it was anger that burned her whole body.
　So I shouted. I forgot the rules as a true ancestor and the burden on the stars, and I screamed.
"I'll kill you!" she said.
　With just her rage, she changed the world into her own world.
<Page8>
　Her way of being is no different from humans.
　She, who exercises her power for personal gain, has fallen out of the frame of the true ancestor.
　I feel sad about that, and I find myself weeping.
"If only I were alone, I would not have had such a heart."
　There is a self that laments that.
<Page9>
"---, ---- --"
　But. The regretful self is nowhere to be found.
　Her pain had started as anger, but the wave had turned into joy.
<Page10>
　Because joy. Because it's fun.
　The reason why I was broken is obvious.
　Eight hundred years ago, when the Loa kidnapped her and drank her blood?
　No. That was an unconscious outburst, and there was no emotion involved.
<Page11>
　This is different. This is the result of a more fundamental breakdown.
　Emotions for the first time in my life.
　Joy, anger, sorrow and pleasure were like a brightly colored dessert.
　She loved so much that it was born from her for the first time, not provided by the stars.
<Page12>
"I love, love, love, love---!"
　Just thinking that made the air seem to twinkle.
　She was able to deliver her gratitude to the true ancestors who created her.
　And yet, the cause that had given her a new one tried to turn her back into the one she was with just one word.
　He told her to go back to being a tool, a tool that was all-powerful and had nothing to offer.
<Page13>
"-- -...----..."
　At that moment, everything was turned upside down.
　It was natural for the world to turn inside out.
　She had been denied herself.
　So she also denied everything in front of her.
<Page14>
　Sadness turned into anger, and fondness turned into hatred.
　As you can see, I cut off the emotions that were born.
　All that remained was to fulfill the purpose for which she had come to this city.
<Page15>
　In the first place, her purpose was Roa.
　I hate Roa. She wants to kill Roa.
　These were the feelings she had acquired alone over the past eight hundred years.
　If she only followed it anymore, she wouldn't have to keep screaming like this.
<Page16>
"Yes, I--"
　I hate Roa. I kill Loa.
　I like him. I want him.
　　　I hate Loa. I kill Roa.
　　　I like Shiki. I want Shiki.
　　　　　　I hate Shiki. I want Shiki.
　　　　　　I hate Shiki. I hate you. ......!
<Page17>
　I'm not sure what to do.
　It's hard to organize.
　The more conscious you are of it, the more it changes the order.
<Page18>
　So, she decided to stop thinking about it.
　It was confusing because she was thinking about her feelings and thinking about his feelings.
　She became a primal, even more pure and innocent, beast that only did what she wanted to do.
<Page19>
"Wait for me---I won't leave a trace---!"
　She finished her resuscitation and looked up.
　She read through all the information in her surroundings.
　The shape of the city, the whereabouts of the prey that escaped, the location of the insects that were hiding and looking for an opportunity, she knew it all like the back of her hand.
　It's a perfect day for a vacation.
　I envision the tragedy of a few seconds later, and take a step forward with a full heart.
<Page20>
　Just before that.
"Oh my god... you woke me up a bit."
　She pushed aside the rock in the way and stood up.
　It was a natural reaction to Ciel's sniping, and she was shot down so far.
<Page21>
　I had decided to only do what I wanted to do, so the moment I was sniped, I was like, "Why?" It seems that "disgusting" was executed rather than the question "why?
　She fought back unconsciously against an unconscious sniper.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to make use of it in the event that you've got a lot of money.
<Page22>
"''And even so---''
　A different color mixed in her anger-tinted heart.
　You can find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
<Page23>
"''After all this time, I made this world just for me and Shiki.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page24>
"Really...
I'll kill you, Ciel."
　She smiled at the pest and began to walk leisurely.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page25>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　The distance to the school building is 1.5 kilometers.
　If she walks, she can reach it in about two minutes, it was a trivial pleasure.