<Page1>
　In the midst of the gray city, the one who is still active runs.
　The buildings that had lost their color showed only the traces that they had once been there.
　The very skeleton of material meaning. The agent landed on the roof of the building, which had become a lump of rock.
<Page2>
　He took off the nun's uniform that he wore.
　It is not a battle to save a person from here.
　It is an all-out battle of annihilation to dispose of the enemy.
<Page3>
　It's a great way to make sure that you don't have to worry about it.
　This is not an escape from Alcade's transformation of events. I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
<Page4>
"It was a good decision to move it, just in case.
　---I'll set it up, Seven. Finish your conversion to Absolution Death."
<Page5>
　In response to Ciel's call, the Sole began to transform.
　Two firearms. One bayonet. One greatsword. One armor.
　And one catastrophe crossbow.
　A lump of iron made up of six weapons.
　This is the form of the Seventh Sacrament, an anti-vampire armed vehicle built on the basic framework of the Sacrament of the Unicorn Horse's Horn.
<Page6>
"It uses the First Cause of Death, Third Cause of Death, and Fourth Cause of Death as auxiliary armaments.
　The warhead used is changed from Konokant reaction light to depleted uranium ammunition. The text slot has been rewritten from Reincarnation Criticism Text to New Testament Angelography.
　Oh, and the sights are now manual. If it's automatic, she'll notice."
<Page7>
　Announcing the order, Ciel took a look at the city below.
　---The target is a park 500 meters away from here.
　True Ancestor Alcade is still in the midst of regeneration.
　It remains huddled on the ground, unmoving.
　His back is full of gaps.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page8>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
<Page9>
　The red mirror surface that keeps spreading.
　Alcade is about to enter the final stage of self-transformation.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page10>
"It's a great way to protect yourself during resuscitation. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. ......
<Page11>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　In the past, the church has had to deal with a number of issues, such as the fact that the church has been unable to keep up with the demands of the people who live there.
　In the past, the church has engaged the royal family of True Ancestors several times and defeated them, according to records.
　Since the battle records are already centuries old, it's hard to use them as a reference from the perspective of modern-day representatives, but even though the armaments have changed, there were a few things that could be used as a reference.
<Page12>
"Use the principle of one against many."
"Identify the charges against the target."
"Be equal in armament and quality of fighters."
"Prepare the latest 'iron' of the age."
"Begin only in cities covered with civilization."
<Page13>
　Fortunately or unfortunately, those conditions are half true.
　It's tough to be alone in your own camp, but at the same time, you've met the condition of equalizing the quality of the combatants.
<Page14>
　When dealing with the True Ancestors, the most important thing to consider was the difference in the strength of the humans.
　It's a good idea to have a strong commander and a well-organized army to engage in battle.
<Page15>
"...... You don't need to worry about the other agents.
　I am the only one here.
　This is both comforting and frightening.
　In the event that you do not have support or follow-up from your allies, one mistake can lead to defeat.
<Page16>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　In the church, there were many descriptions of the battle against the true ancestors, but there was only one that was not a "record" but a "warning".
<Page17>
"Absolute condition: empty the vessel after having it set."
　I don't understand the purpose of this statement.
　I don't know what "emptying the vessel" means, because even when she was Roa, she didn't encounter a situation similar to that.
<Page18>
"The normal way to think about it is to let them use all of their magic power,.......
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page19>
"!#!"
　However, there is no time to chew over the intention of this sentence.
<Page20>
"...... is here."
　---If the event storage is to change the environment to her liking.
　I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
　The true ancestor is the earth's sense of touch.
　The source of its power is the planet itself.
　And its supply is said to be the planet's resources itself.
　To fight the True Ancestor is to fight the land.
<Page21>
　Alcade Brunstad is the individual with the greatest power of all.
　As long as she is on this planet, her "limits" are virtually non-existent.
<Page22>
　She has unlimited magic power and unlimited physical strength.
　And performance that improves without limit.
　These are the characteristics of the woman who bears the name of Brunstad, the royal family of the True Ancestors.
<Page23>
　Normally, she is subject to the rules of use as a True Ancestor, and her characteristics are restricted.
　Since True Ancestors are the alter ego of the stars, they cannot use their resources for their own benefit as humans do. They do not have that concept.
<Page24>
　When Alcade moves into the act of combat, he is only given the ability to destroy his opponents---only enough to outperform them. As the alter ego of a star, it is to keep consumption to a minimum.
<Page25>
　Before this characteristic, many fallen true ancestors and dead people were defeated before her.
　It's only natural. The opponent always appears as a stronger vessel than you.
　The source of their energy is this very planet they live on.
　It's impossible to survive being targeted by this incarnation.
　---However.
　If you take advantage of this characteristic, the result will be the exact opposite.
<Page26>
"If you outperform Alcade, Alcade will outperform you.
　The more half-hearted the attack, the more it becomes a long-term battle to look for an opening, the more she becomes an unruly monster.
　So..."
<Page27>
　The game is decided by a single blow.
　After Alcade stabilized its vessel, ......
　After having the vessel fixed with the highest level of strength in this realm.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with your family.
<Page28>
　It's a simple and straightforward plan.
　The problem is, it's just too difficult for humans to execute.
<Page29>
"...... As long as I am in this realm, my power has already been measured.
　When I finish reviving you, I will change the upper limit of your power based on the total value of me and the Seventh Scripture.
　---That is your greatest disadvantage, Alcade Brunstad."
<Page30>
　Ciel reconsidered his battle plan after this and made up his mind.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page31>
"---"
　I'm not sure what to make of that, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your life.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page32>
　After that happens---you will only be able to look up at the ground from within Alcade's shadow.
　The only thing you can do is continue to watch the blood-crazed vampires cruelly devour your loved ones.
<Page33>
　There is no more fear, no more regret.
　The chances of victory are less than 30%. In the event that you've got a lot more than one of these, you'll be able to get a lot more.
<Page34>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
"------ This was what it meant to live."
　That is why I will accomplish it even if I have to gnaw at a stone.
<Page35>
　The ...... resuscitation of Alcade ends.
　The seventh sacred book is finished being refurbished.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your investment.
<Page36>
"In the name of the Lord. The seventh cause of death, come."
　Absolution death. It's not the body, but the soul destroying scriptures are activated.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I'm not sure what to do with it.
<Page37>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　If you take aim for even one second, Alcade will certainly sense the presence of the sniper.
　If it does, the sniper will fail. In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page38>
"----"
　It's not hard to see why.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page39>
　It is an absolute requirement and advantage to keep a one-sided view from a distance that the target cannot reach.
　Its greatest advantage cannot be used.
　A long-distance execution where you can't even turn your attention to the target, let alone see it.
　This is a great way to make sure that you don't get caught in the middle of the action.
<Page40>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page41>
　It's a good idea to keep an eye on your own magic power reserves, which are decreasing by the second.
　I hold down the iron bow like a raging bull with only my arm strength.
<Page42>
　It's an extreme precision work, an act of suppression.
　The situation of the Ciel is equal to the firing of the main gun of the warship, the whole process is carried out only by the power of the individual.
<Page43>
"''------, huh.''
　Just before, he exhaled once.
　Nervous, but not anxious.
　The maximum range of the Ciel is five kilometers.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page44>
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　It's a great way to make sure you're in the right place at the right time.
　The continuous movement of muscle fibers of extreme precision.
"------ Now!"
<Page45>
　In the end, the miracle was performed here.
"The name of the bow.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It takes 0.2 seconds from the initial movement to the setting and shooting.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with us, please do not hesitate to contact us.
<Page46>
　For her, it was a surprise attack that she could not accept.
　After all, she had a complete grasp of the world.
　The life force that was lost by the severing of the head was drawn from the stars and poured back into the vessel.
<Page47>
　In the midst of it all, she saw everything.
　Even the two fleeing humans. And the insects that moved to the high tower afterwards. She knew the power and strength of the insect's poisonous stinger, and she knew exactly what it was.
<Page48>
　If she started to move, the insects would react.
　She thought so, and in fact, the insects in the high tower had no harmful intentions at this time.
　So she woke up.
　She had pumped up enough power and refused contact with the stars.
　She took the first step towards the play that would begin a second later.
<Page49>
　Just before that.
　Not in the middle of stepping out, but the moment she thought about stepping out, her head was shot out.
<Page50>
　A beatless divine technique unleashed by an unconscious archer.
　No matter how the alter ego of a star, as long as it is dealing with a human, its body cannot reach the rank of a god.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page51>
"The next bullet is loaded!
　I raise the firing pin. I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page52>
　First, he crushes her head and reaps her consciousness.
　After that, destroy the main body before she regains her ability to think.
　I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
　After all, a single blow with the maximum amount of magic power will be detected without aiming. It's the least amount of effort, the least amount of aim, the least amount of time and the most amount of magic power compression. This is what the first shot was for.
<Page53>
　However, if there was a miscalculation.
　The target was not thinking from the beginning.
　It was so savage and so disproportionately innocent that it had no intention of even using reason.
　It was a disproportionately innocent state.
<Page54>
"---?"
　I'm not sure what to make of that.
　A 500 meter difference in elevation is nothing.
　The beautiful beast is already in front of the sniper's eyes.
<Page55>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page56>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure that you don't end up in a situation where you're not the only one.
<Page57>
　But it couldn't be called a shoot-down.
　All it did was desperately adjust its sights and pull the string.
　It was only by chance that the bullet hit the target, and it was not a direct hit.
<Page58>
　It was a blow with all the magic power in it.
　You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
<Page59>
"I'm not sure what to say.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. I'm not sure what to do.
<Page60>
　In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　However, Ciel's own magic power was almost exhausted.
<Page61>
　If the amount of magic power generated by an average magician is 20, the amount generated by Ciel reaches 5000.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual website to see if you can find anything that might help you.
<Page62>
"I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page63>
　I'm not sure what to do. You can find a lot more information on the web. It's a good idea to have a look at the website. You have to escape. There must be another way. There are still possibilities. So let's run away. I don't want to die. I don't want to become something that hurts more than dying. It's not too late. If we hold hands with him and run as far as we can, we'll be able to...!
<Page64>
"No. I'm not going to do it.
　The game starts here, Alcade.
　Whatever else it is... you can't beat me over him."
<Page65>
　With a deadly resolve, Ciel opened her last trump card.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual piles of fruit that are stored in the piling machine.
　It is a red fruit like blood boil.
　It is the only trace of the curse that was left behind when Vrove Arkhangelis was erased.
　Named the Principle Blood Precept, it is a crystal of power that invades the world.
<Page66>
"--- Vroob's principles are not fully grown.
　You can't weave a new great magic even if you say this.
　But..."
<Page67>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your investment.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page68>
"Set --- Code, Gargarin."
　He raised his hand to the far sky.
　I'm not sure what to do with it.
<Page69>
　I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
"I'm not sure what to do.
　At the very least, I'll keep you until then---!"
　The Delegate plunged into the final battle while spewing out the overgenerated magic power like blood.