<Page1>
...In any case, I need more information about vampires.
About the master vampire and the servants that he possesses.
I'll ask her about their relationship in more detail.
<Page2>
"Hmm. That's rather plain coming from you."
"Well sorry for being plain. You were the one that said that everything came from some foundation."
<Page3>
"Wow, as expected from primates that built pyramids using human strength alone! How reliable and sincere.
Very well. Then tonight, let's discuss the structure of vampire society as part of our intermediate course on vampires!"
<Page4>
...It's not a course that I particularly want to take, but it is something that I requested after all.
I'll stay quiet and listen to what Arcueid-sensei has to say.
<Page5>
"I say that, but it would take too long starting from the very beginning, so we'll be limiting our discussion to our enemy which you may know as Dead Apostles.
The majority of Dead Apostles are those of the traditional types, so their repoduction... propagation method involves increasing their numbers through drinking blood.
I don't need to explain this any further, right?"
<Page6>
"Yeah. So like Castle Lords and servants for example.
It's something similar to a single ruler that commands a large number of worker ants, right?"
<Page7>
"Yeah. And there are categories even among those worker ants.
We've been through this before, but here are the ranks."//IT'S WHITEBOARD TIME
<Page8>
"First we have Rank I, Corpses.
These are puppets that move according to their master's will, unable to act independently. Without any orders, the Corpse remain in place until it eventually dies.
In short, they are like lesser soldiers. A thing that simply sucks blood and transfers it. One of those things that we refer to as the dead."
<Page9>
"Next we have Rank II, Ghouls.
Although they have a will, they cannot think clearly and are dead that camoflauge as their living form.
They resist the effects of decomposition due to their master's magic, but they are completely decayed on the inside.
Their brains are in the process of rotting, so that makes them more lethal then Corpses in terms of their instinct to search for blood. Perhaps I would go as far as to call them soldiers. In the end, they are still considered dead."
<Page10>
"Rank III, Undead.
At last, we have reached a level of a being that could perhaps be considered a vampire.
A living corpse. Undead. Although their mental capacities are not the same as when they were alive, they can blend in human society by themselves.
A higher soldier that already died once and had their brain completely restructured. Sunlight does not affect them. However, their true form can be easily exposed if they do not take care in preserving themselves.
We can say that the category of the 'dead' ends here."
<Page11>
...I see.
That zombie... Even the dead have their own ranks.
The more ranks they climb, the more they move away from a simple Corpse and into a fully functional dead.
By the way...
<Page12>
"Leaving that hierarchy aside, who was it that came up with these names like 'Corpses' and 'Ghouls'? Was it you?"
<Page13>
"Unfortunately for you, this was mostly the work of the church. It was convenient so it became widely used until it became common knowledge across the world of magecraft, that's all.
The real question is who was it from the church that spread this information... Well, it doesn't really matter."
<Page14>
"Next we have Rank IV, Nightkin.
These undead retain the personality they had when they were alive and operates as a vampire apprentice.
Instead of possessing superhuman strength, they acquire an extreme level of cold and thirst. A lower knight, or half-man, half-vampire so to speak."
<Page15>
"Those that are Rank VI and above carefully suck the blood from their prey little by little, and those victims end up starting from this rank. Exposure to sunlight can cause them to become anemic, but they will not burn out.
In the world of magecraft, you could say that this is the last rank that we can call 'human'."
<Page16>
"A vampire apprentice... in other words, they're not part of the 'dead' anymore?"
"Yeah. Vampires that reach Rank IV can survive even after separating from their master. In the master's point of view, they would see it as a transformation from a thing to a living being.
About one in a thousand of the dead reach this rank."
<Page17>
"Next we have Rank V, Nightmare.
In addition to the depths of Rank IV, these ranks either turn into masters from the curses that dwell within their blood or can demonstrate some latent supernatural ability.
An upper knight, or a so-called fully-fledged vampire."
<Page18>
"At last, we have Rank VI, Dead Apostle.
A completely independent blood-sucking species. Although they can create children through blood-sucking and invasion, they cannot create anything higher than Rank VI.
I suppose that's the limit of an upstart. Or perhaps a fortress would be a better term.
The vampire that lurks in this city belongs in this rank. He creates 'children' in the form of servants and is a calamity that turns the city into a feast."
<Page19>
"That is all for the class system of Dead Apostles. Do you have any questions?"
"Which rank would Vlov fall under?"
"He would be a Rank VI Dead Apostle of course. In his case, he skipped a couple of ranks, but we'll talk about that some other time."
<Page20>
"Then I have one more question. This is the main one.
You said that it was a class system, but who was it that decided that... or rather, what did? If vampires can increase their allies by sucking blood, why is there such a difference in methods?"
<Page21>
"You chose a great time to ask that question.
That is because of their biggest flaw... or perhaps you could call it a feature.
It's not true that anyone that gets their blood sucked by a Dead Apostle can turn into a vampire, nor can Dead Apostles turn anyone into one."
<Page22>
"Creating servants and feasting are two different things.
If humans only had their blood sucked, then they would simply die just like any other human.
But at that time, if Dead Apostles transfer their own blood, then the human would be dominated by it before they pass away. After that, they are reborn as vampires and become cursed.
These ranks are a representation of the depth of those curses."
<Page23>
"...So, that man from before, he didn't resurrect after being killed... #He was killed by its master in order to become a vampire from the very beginning."
<Page24>
"Yeah. But creating servants is not an easy task. A vampire cannot simply grow their family.
If it's a Rank I dead, then it's fine to foribly turn them into soldiers by sending them blood after killing them.
But in order to increase the number of vampires Rank II and above, things like latent ability... #and the aptitude of the victim is necessary."
<Page25>
"Aptitude...? What do you mean by that?"
"Something like an immunity against vampire blood, I guess?"
<Page26>
"Most humans don't have this aptitude. That's why when they are given the vampire's blood, they are easily dominated by the its traits. It's like a a disease that makes you move even after death.
But having it alone doesn't make you a high quality servant. For masters, it would be troublesome if these servants cannot move on their own. If you had to spend your own time just to make a worker ant move, it would be like putting the cart before the horse, no?"
<Page27>
She has a point.
Normally vampires that are masters spend most of their time sleeping in a coffin.
After all, vampires that live long have a problem with resources. That's why they avoid unnecessary movement and require servants to collect energy even if they doesn't consume any themselves.
Spending your own energy to enable each and every servant would be out of the question.
<Page28>
"Those humans that have the aptitude can resist the curse of a vampire.
After that, it's up to their own to survive. Whether they lose to the vampire's blood and get annihilated, or overcome it and become reborn as a vampire.
The corpses that are being found in this city are humans with aptitude, but were ultimately destroyed in the end.
The ones that end up simply being 'killed' are left out on the street. The dead are the ones that can move after getting killed, but the ones that don't turn into the dead are simply corpses, right?"
<Page29>
"...I see. If you turned into one of those zombies, then you wouldn't leave any remains."
"Exactly. The increase in victims that you see in the news would be considered a rare case. They were scouted out for having some sign of aptitude before they ultimately passed away as a human."
<Page30>
There are around one in a hundred people that possess this aptitude. But even among them, only those that can adapt to the foreign substance and handle it can turn into a Rank IV vampire or higher.
Vampires often call this something like a pyramid scheme, but it's not like they can turn anyone into its child just from sending blood. The truth is that the number of things you can call a 'vampire' in this present age is getting lower."
<Page31>
"......"
So Arcueid is saying that it isn't that easy to grow one's family.
For vampires, 'servants' and 'children' are two different things.
The dead that Arcueid took down earlier was nothing more than a 'servant' that could only move.
<Page32>
"So that means the man from earlier was already killed long ago and was following a vampire's orders without realizing it, right?"
<Page33>
"Whether it realizes it or not would depend on its rank.
A Rank I would be nothing more than an automaton, but a Rank III would still retain their brain. They follow a vampire's orders after realizing what kind of creature they've become. They kill other humans out of their own free will and send blood to their master."
<Page34>
...No, that can't be right.
They were killed all of a sudden and became moving dead before they realized it. It's obvious that they would have been forced to do it."
<Page35>
"...I said this before, haven't I? About the dead that beg for their life like that.
'I'll be killed if I disobey.' 'I was only doing what I was told.'
In other words, they kill other humans because they don't want to die. In that case, how is that any different from killing out of your own will?"
<Page36>
"――――――Well, that's..."
"The dead whose consciousness still remains will say that they were forced to and had no choice in the matter.
But they still had the choice to go against their master and die. Despite this, they chose to kill humans, so it seems that they acted out of their own will and killed other living beings that were once their own."
<Page37>
"Well, either way, I would still kill anyone related to the Dead Apostles, so it doesn't really matter to me."
<Page38>
"......"
...I have no words.
What Arcueid said was right. It makes complete sense.
But that sort of reasoning comes from a vampire... a powerful being such as her.
We humans do not live such a righteous way of life nor do we live as simple creatures.
<Page39>
"And there's one more thing I need to point out. Even servants go against their master.
Those vampires that are known as Dead Apostles grant their servants a free will. As if they're asking to be gone against or challenged. Just like Vlov who killed his master and turned into a Dead Apostle."
<Page40>
"Listen, I want you to remember this, Shiki.
The vampires that are classified as Dead Apostles love the humans.
No, rather they love things that are humanesque. That's why they can be as cruel as they want. After all, you people are the most... no, the only living beings in this world that can consume life just to make them suffer."
<Page41>
...Humanesque. So things like intelligence and sentiment.
Arcueid said this earlier.
That humans cannot comprehend the death of minerals.
In the same way, minerals and animals cannot comprehend the death of humans.
So the death of feelings and the torment of the mind are things only a human can take pleasure in.
<Page42>
"So you're telling me that they are given their freedom just so they can suffer?
...I don't get it. Why would a vampire do something like that? It's so meaningless. It's too much of a sick joke."
<Page43>
"You're right. A vampire would tell you the same thing.
But that story is only limited to Dead Apostles. The vampires from the beginning were never this bad."
"――――Hmm?"
The vampires... from the beginning?
<Page44>
"...That's right, you mentioned that there are two types of vampires, didn't you?
Those that were vampires from the beginning and those that turned into one.
So... are Dead Apostles the ones that turned into vampires?"
<Page45>
"...Yeah, I suppose so.
There are some who became immortal as a result of magecraft while others had their blood sucked by a True Ancestor and became a servant."
<Page46>
"...Shiki, you said that it was a sick joke for that man we killed earlier to be used like that, but there are far worse fates out there. Even among the Dead Apostles, there are those that have even more unimaginable ways of amusing themselves."
"Amusement―――Are you saying that they kill humans and turn them into playthings just to amuse themselves...?"
<Page47>
"...I won't deny it.
For Dead Apostles, pleasure is the same thing as breathing.
While humans have a shorter lifespan, those that approach the realm of immortality, although imperfect, face their biggest enemy known as 'boredom'.
Even though they had no purpose in the beginning unlike us, all their worldly desires vanished the moment they obtained immortality.
Since their goal was immortality, I guess you could say that it can't be helped."
<Page48>
"...What the hell. Playing around just because you're bored, don't give me that crap.
Besides, if you don't have to worry about dying from old age, shouldn't that be more than enough? There's no need for any other forms of entertainment."
<Page49>
"That's right, it is more than enough for them.
However, their lives hold no meaning in that case.
Their conscious, which recognizes their own worthlessness and end of life, causes them to lose their own value of existence."
<Page50>
"They gradually become worn out and start fearing themselves before they start to create their own amusement. As if to protect themselves by saying that they're still alive and have things to do. That's how the nobility was born."
<Page51>
"They pretend to be human before they decide to become a Castle Lord and begin the game of spreading one's influence.# 
"You could call it a kingdom of the dead to be frank. Surprisingly, that seems to be stimulating for them."
<Page52>
"I said this before haven't I? That they like to pretend to be human.
In order to amuse themselves, Dead Apostles distribute their own blood to the humans that they sucked and killed.
A dead body has a one in several thousand chance to endure it and grow, eventually killing its master and becoming the new Dead Apostle."
<Page53>
"The knight relinquishes his achievements and becomes a ruler,
and as if to dethrone the king eventually――――they also participate in such games to protect their existence.
Perhaps this is proof of the vulnerability of those that turn evil.
Even assuming that you were immortal, if your life has no meaning, then you're no different than the air."
<Page54>
Arcueid shrugs her shoulders as if to point out the ridiculousness of it all.
Even though technically she should have been one of them, there doesn't seem to be any sign of her having that sort of taste.
