<Page1>
Only a few minutes have passed since I stopped by the convenience store.
It is now half an hour before my usual time to go to school.
<Page2>
The students walking on the sidewalk with their school uniforms are sparse.
In about ten minutes, the main gate will be crowded with students, but for now there are only few of them including myself.
There is also no sign of the beautiful woman sitting on the guardrail, waiting for someone like in that time.
<Page3>
In the schoolyard, the athletic club is in the middle of their morning practice.
I head toward the entrance on the side.
I like to move my body. After all, it makes me feel alive.
<Page4>
However, I wasn't able to join any club activities.
Because I have chronic anemia, I'm afraid that I'll be a nuisance to the others when the time comes. And besides, my doctor also strongly insists that I refrain from anything that involves excessive movement.
<Page5>
I was also invited to club activities back when I was a freshman.
Whenever that happened, I always turned them down by saying 'maybe next time'.
Each time that I did that, I felt an indescribable sense of distance between us.
<Page6>
...In the end, that's what happened.
I'm sure it was part of my self-defense mechanism telling me unconciously to not get involved with them under any circumstance.
<Page7>
"..."
I put an end to my boring sentiments.
I send my support to the hard-working club members from the bottom of my heart and walk toward the school building.
<Page8>
"O-Oh my. Good morning Shiki-kun, aren't you a bit early this morning?"
"...Yes, I got the time a bit mixed up.
Good morning, Noel-sensei."
<Page9>
On my way to the classroom, I come across Noel-sensei unexpectedly.
Just like me, Noel-sensei didn't expect anyone to be here at such an hour and looks a little dumb-founded.
<Page10>
"Rather than getting the time mixed up and coming to school late, you came to school early instead. You must be one of those types, the hard working ones right? But while you're still young, wouldn't it be better to live a bit more relaxed?"
"But I'm more than relaxed. Besides, I don't even like to study.
More importantly, I want to talk about my truancy from last Friday..."
<Page11>
"Oh, you mean that. Don't worry, I didn't contact your home.
It's totally normal to boycott every once in a while. It would have been more convenient for you this way, right Shiki-kun?"
<Page12>
Noel-sensei gives off a chuckle with hidden meaning and makes a statement that is not appropriate for a teacher.
...I guess that helps.
Or rather, it did help. The only reason Akiha wasn't so overly angry was because she didn't know about my absence on Friday.
"――――――"
That being said, isn't Noel-sensei's educational policy a bit too generous?
<Page13>
"Oh, Shiki-kun, you're so stubborn.
It's not that I'm not serious. It's just that I respect my students' independence. #I mean, everyone looks so young and delicious looking. I think it's inevitable that you guys would go out of your way to play around for a day or so."
"N-No, it's not like I was going around and playing or anything..."
<Page14>
"Juuust kidding, it was a joke.
I know, I know, it's the usual anemia right? An honest boy like you would never go around doing something so dangerous.
And so, is your body doing okay? Is there any place that still hurts?"
<Page15>
...She really made me worried there.
In truth, Noel-sensei's joke completely hit the nail on the head, but I don't dare think about correcting her.
<Page16>
"For someone with anemia, I feel in pretty good shape this morning."
<Page17>
"I see. That's great. Then from today onwards, you can go back to your carefree student life. #By the way. It's about your chronic anemia, but how long have you had it for? Did you have it when you were born?"
<Page18>
"I wasn't born with it. I got caught up in an accident when I was little, and I've had it ever since then."
"Well... that is very unfortunate. So that's why you don't exercise and have such a low appetite.
And so, what was it like?"
<Page19>
"Pardon?"
I couldn't help but raise my voice at the ambiguous question.
As if she was licking her lips with her tongue, Noel-sensei says,
<Page20>
"Like I said, I was asking you what kind of accident you had.
It was the kind of accident that turned your body strange, right?
As I thought, it must have been so painful that you cried out of fear, right? So much that it was like dying once and being brought back to life."
<Page21>
"――――――"
...An indescribable chill runs through me.
It's not because of Noel-sensei's insensitive remarks. I knew from the very first day that this teacher was rather inquisitive or perhaps unable to read the situation.
The reason behind it is that I don't remember the details of the accident at all.
<Page22>
"...It was just a simple accident. I'm safe now, so it wasn't a big deal. It's almost time for class, so if you'll excuse me."
I bow to Noel-sensei and walk past her.
<Page23>
"Shiki-kun."
I turn around at the call of my name.
<Page24>
"If you're feeling well, then do your best starting today. It's in your best interest to not take any more days off ♡"
The returnee from France gives me something along the lines of a wink and heads toward the staff room.
<Page25>
I thought I'd be the first to arrive, but there was already several of my classmates in the classroom.
"You're early, Tohno. What happened on Friday?"
"Morning. I was sick on Friday. Are you done with your morning practice?"
<Page26>
"Yep. Not only do we have to do after-school activities, but we also have to go far as to respect morning practice. We've only got a new team captain just recently and he's already a pain in the ass. Don't you think?"
<Page27>
The athletic club that looked to be operating as usual also seems to be affected by the vampire incident.
Well, it's only a matter of time. The incident will soon fade away, and the club activities will return back to normal.
<Page28>
Five minutes before homeroom.
As I happily spent my time thinking that the day of classes would begin without a hitch,
<Page29>
"Yoo-hoo, slacker! GOOD MORNING!"
"――――――"
A voice calls out from behind, ruining my brief morning.
<Page30>
"Yo, delinquent-kun! That was a nice truancy on Friday!
Thanks to that, this morning is going to be even... more... energized? #What? weren't you asleep for the entire weekend or something?"
<Page31>
"I didn't stay in bed, and I'm not lacking sleep either.
I just happened to feel sick on Friday and recovered when I got back home. It was a hassle to go back to school, so I took a day off."
<Page32>
"Seriously? While living such a carefree and weary life in that extravagant mansion, you've turned into such an aristocrat in just 3 days? #Whether you're just bold or just plain adaptable, as always, you can make any place your home. Yeah, I don't envy you one bit!"
<Page33>
Arihiko displays a tremendous front.
This guy's rebellious spirit is something to be learned from.
<Page34>
"I'm telling you, I'm not used to this.
Besides, you haven't even seen how big that house is... hmm? Arihiko, did you know about the Tohno mansion?"
<Page35>
"Nope, not a thing. I mean, it's at such a high place, and it's surrounded by walls and trees right? I can't look at it if I can't get inside the area.
Well, the voyeuristic side of me does want to see it. But I mean, your house and security and such is amazing, right?"
<Page36>
"Like I would know... Oh wait, there did seem to be a couple of burglary incidents every year according to Keiko-san, but she did say that the police never rushed to the Tohno mansion. Surely even you've heard about the burglaries at the mansion on top of the hill, right?"
<Page37>
"Shiki, that's... for the police to not come even after multiple trespassings a year... isn't that pretty bad? Like an antlion pit?"
"Which part?"
Since they're catching the burglar before the police could get there, I would say that the security is excellent rather than bad.
<Page38>
"No, that's exactly why. In the first place, those burglars don't come out afterwards, right?"
"I see. In that case, none of the rumors would be able to spread."
<Page39>
We nod to one another with serious faces.
...It was terrifying to think about this topic any longer, so we decided to switch subject as best as we could.
<Page40>
"Oh, yeah. Have you seen the scene of the incident on Saturday? I heard that it was a fire at the northern gate that originated underground."
"...No, I haven't seen it yet. I've only heard about it."
<Page41>
"Look, there was a department store at the north gate before it got remodelled right? The park that was in front of it got completely sunk underground. It was awful, it'd probably take a year before it gets restored.
But well, it's not all bad news. Because the security guards and TV stations are all over the place, those idiots at the north gate have gone into hiding as a result."
<Page42>
"Is that so... Then what about the hotel at Kuramiyabashi Station?"
"The hotel at Kuramiyabashi, you mean that Dome Hotel? Ah... that reminds me, there was a fire there as well. The damage at the north gate was so great that I forgot about it."
<Page43>
...I can't blame Arihiko for his lack of discretion.
Even though there were so many people that burned to death from that incident, for Arihiko, it was just a story from the neighboring town.
In this day and age where news gets updated daily, regardless of how tragic an event is, it will always be overwritten and consumed by the next horrifying news.
<Page44>
"...In any case, it doesn't change the fact that it's disturbing.
And so what's happening on your end? Ever since middle school, you've never taken a day off school despite having anemia. Well, you did pull off the stunt of going back home during school a couple of times."
"It was something like that. I reached somewhere around the crossing while going to school, but then I got sick and went back home."
<Page45>
"Hmm. Not only Yumizuka, but you as well. Haven't you both been behaving poorly lately?"
"I don't deny that I've been behaving poorly but... Yumizuka-san, what's wrong with her?"
<Page46>
"She's been absent since Thursday. She didn't show up this morning either. She's always been treated as the honor student, so maybe she might have lost her mind. She must have been like 'I can't win if I'm in furiten'."//Could maybe change the mahjong analogy in フリテン to something else
"..."
Arihiko's analogies are rather unique.#.
<Page47>
"Oops, well, that's it for me.
Farewell, and study hard for all the things you've missed on Friday!"
<Page48>
Arihiko cheerfully leaves the classroom.
He must have gone to hide in the infirmary or something.
It seems that today is his turn to boycott class.