<Page1>
I've already heard enough about the fundamentals of vampires at the hotel.
This time I should I ask her something more in-depth.
<Page2>
"Instead of the dead from earlier, let's talk about something more dangerous...
The Twenty-Seven Ancestors, was it? You said that Vlov was also one of them, but what exactly are they?"
<Page3>
"Ah, so that's your question.
I knew you would ask that!"
<Page4>
"I get it, you're thinking ahead after taking down Vlov. #You're getting really into this, Shiki!"
"H-Huh?"
<Page5>
So she was eagerly waiting for this kind of question.
It is more Arcueid who is really getting into this so far as to have her back hunched forward in excitement.
<Page6>
"I've said this before, but the Twenty-Seven Ancestors are the top of the Dead Apostles. You can treat them as kings.
But in order to talk about Ancestors, we need to lay out some important knowledge from a while back..."
<Page7>
"Ta-da!
Without further ado, let us begin the advanced course on vampires!"
<Page8>
With a wooshing sound, a whiteboard appears out of thin air.
I'm already used to it so it doesn't surprise me. I clap my hands in response.
<Page9>
"An applaud? Is that what they call an applaud?
Geez, even though you make such a bored-looking face, you sure know how to react!"
<Page10>
No, I'm having trouble figuring out how to best respond, so I'm just putting on a serious face for the time being.
I would have preferred it if you were a bit more serious.
<Page11>
"Humans that turn into vampires are classified as 'Dead Apostles', but among them, there are ranks that correspond to their abilities and limitations.
Here is a representation of those ranks."
<Page12>
"I'm going to cut out some details and keep it short.
Everything up to Rank III are 'living corpses'.
Ranks IV and V are 'night dwellers' that move during the night.
And at last, we have Rank VI, a 'vampire' that creates a single community."
<Page13>
"Those that transform up to Rank VI become completely independent as a vampire.
They create children through bloodsucking and invasion, thus becoming the top of the group that they created, also known as a master.
However they cannot create children higher than Rank VI. If it's a regular vampire, then that marks the end of the line for such an 'upstart'.
<Page14>
"......"
Vampires transfer their blood to a human, transforming them into their personal slave.
And those slaves add up to form that vampire's community.
<Page15>
If one cannot create a child higher than itself, then that certainly marks the end of those ranks.
However...
<Page16>
"But there are things that gives birth to them... No, there are vampires in a position higher then Dead Apostles, aren't there?"
"That's right. You're talking about Rank IX, Ancestors.
There are twenty-seven of them, so we call them the Twenty-Seven Ancestors."
<Page17>
"We're going out of order, but Rank VII are the Greater Dead Apostles.
They are those from Rank VI that are recognized by the Ancestors and are given further abilities. Although they have the same title, their scales are completely different to Rank VI."
<Page18>
"When one reaches this rank, they become a poison that contaminates a land just by being there.
They would become a heretic that an average Executor cannot face against,
and a vampire who is allowed to conduct oneself as an aristocrat."
"...Huh? What do you mean by 'conduct oneself'?"
<Page19>
"It means they are no longer slaves.
Greater Dead Apostles do not necessarily have absolute obedience towards their master Ancestor. They can even oppose them if they wish to."
<Page20>
"If given the opportunity, Greater Dead Apostles can overthrow their master Ancestor and inherit their curse.
But even so, it's pretty much impossible to take down an Ancestor. Even when you're given the same amount of 'freedom', the amount of time an Ancestor lives is vastly different. It is difficult for Greater Dead Apostles to surpass the life scale of an Ancestor."
<Page21>
"That's why if one wants to take over an Ancestor, we have Rank VIII, Successor.
A talented vampire that is recognized by an Ancestor as a worthy successor.
A prince or princess, so to speak.
There are also some Ancestors that fall in love at first sight with a non-vampiric being and suddenly raising it to this rank."
<Page22>
"A princess... #in other words, someone like you?"
I'm sure she said that it was like a monarchy.
<Page23>
"Hmm, there could be some of them, a Dead Apostle that was created to have special traits like me."
<Page24>
If there are at least two Rank VIIIs per Ancestor, there would be over fifty of them, simply put. I'm sure there would be at least one of them that would try something like that.
Even so, my root is different from theirs, so no matter how hard they try, it wouldn't be anything more than an imitation."
<Page25>
"But I won't deny that Rank VIII vampires are extremely powerful.
That's right. If we're just going by basic reserves alone, they would definitely surpass Vlov."
"――――――"
They would surpass someone like Vlov...?
And there's over fifty of these monsters...?
<Page26>
"I knew it.
You're getting excited about wanting to kill them, aren't you, Mr. Murderer?"
"I'm not excited. This is what we refer to as fear, Ms. Vampire."
<Page27>
I respond from a human's standpoint.
Although I decided that I would cooperate, I want to properly emphasize this fact. The fact that humans cannot do the impossible.
<Page28>
"And so, we're finally at the main topic that is Rank IX.
We can say that these Twenty-Seven Ancestors are at the top of the Dead Apostles, right?"
<Page29>
"Correct. They are ancient Dead Apostles that broke out from the position of eating for survival and won their independence as a completely different being.
A crimson stain dropped from the moon.
A deadly poison whose world is incompatible with others.
A long living being that gives birth to Rank VI Dead Apostles and absorbs the life of humans like you."
<Page30>
They are also the ones that formed the structure of the modern-day vampire society.
There are individual differences between their scales of existence,
but those that were active before the Christian Era are the 'veterans',
and those that began afterwards are the 'novices'."
<Page31>
"For example, although it's Vlov, he went from Rank VI to Rank IX in the span of a hundred years... He killed his master Ancestor and then became one of them as a 'novice'."
<Page32>
In other words, through a vampire's standpoint, Vlov was a Dead Apostle that only recently became an Ancestor.
That's why he openly showed himself in the city and laid out such carnage without regard for tradition or style.
<Page33>
I get that. The rules of vampires have nothing to do with me.
The thing that's on my mind is his strange ability.
A curse that paints the world with an intense cold through his existence alone.
Those flames were spread just so he could bear that coldness.
But that still doesn't excuse him just because he has some semblance of being human.
<Page34>
"...I don't get it.
No matter how long they live, Dead Apostles are just an extension of human beings, aren't they? Even if a human could live longer, they could never pull off something like that.
There has to be something else about the Ancestors that I don't know about."
<Page35>
"Yeah. As a matter of fact, there is no correllation between becoming an Ancestor and how long they live.
What makes an Ancestor what they are is the quality of their blood."
<Page36>
A basic precept carved into the soul.
A world view formed by acceptance of each and every truth, turning into the root of the thirst.
A singularity painted by the physical laws of the planet through the circulation of blood alone.
A Hemonomic Principle―――Idea Blood."
<Page37>
"Idea Blood―――"
That...
must be the bottomless void in that man's very center.
<Page38>
"Well, you could call it something like a 'crown'.
The Dead Apostle that inherits the blood rises to become an Ancestor, regardless of their rank.
However, it requires a millennium-class basis in order to make a Hemonomic Principle work. Even if a Dead Apostle was active for hundreds of years as a successor, they would still be crushed by that curse."
"You mean like Vlov?"
<Page39>
"Sure, but... now that I think about it, that guy looked like he was able to handle it properly.
Even though he was only Rank VI as a Dead Apostle, I wonder why his ego still remained as much as it did..."
<Page40>
"Well, I understand now that they are group of outrageous people.
He came to our city for whatever reason, and then we took care of it.
I really don't want to beg the question but... would doing this cause the other Ancestors to become angry?"
<Page41>
"Ah, you don't have to worry about that. The Twenty-Seven Ancestors are mutual enemies at the core.
There isn't a single Ancestor that would care about Vlov disappearing in an island like this."
<Page42>
"So there won't be any retaliation from them, right?"
"Nope. Their alliance they have is only partial.
It'll be fine as long as don't touch the five veterans, or the 'League of the Age of Gods'.
Although not every member is necessarily an enemy of the humans, and there are some Ancestors that have already fallen."
<Page43>
'The Twenty-Seven Ancestors' is just a naming convention so it can't be changed, but in reality there would be, um... twenty-one Ancestors left, I think?
Offenbaum's principle that was inherited by Vlov,
the principle of 'Harvest', the principle of 'Castle' #or 'Kingdom',
the principle of 'Sword',
and those that are sealed by the church: the principle of 'Melting',
and the principle of 'Four Limbs'..."
<Page44>
"These are the ones that have been diminished in the past three thousand years.
In order for the church to seal a single Ancestor, they need to prepare for a hundred years. However, they have only ever been successful twice.
So? Are you starting to understand how amazing it is that you managed to defeat Vlov?"
<Page45>
"...Well, most of it was thanks to you.
Besides whether it's amazing or not, all I realize now is that I never want to do something like that again."
"You can lay your mind at ease. After all, there aren't any more of those Twenty-Seven Ancestors in this country."
<Page46>
Thank God.
Or rather, it would also have been troublesome if a monster that could turn back a century of planning by a single organization go out on a rampage.
I wonder if that's where the Japanese Self-Defence Force would come in.
