<Page1>
　Without warning, the train line that had been laid out above ground switched to an underground line.
　The train moves through the darkness, spewing artificial light.
<Page2>
　The sound of creaking cars.
　The sound of creaking cars, the passing of artificial lights at even intervals.
　I ponder the distance and the passage of time, piling up the tremors transmitted through the seat on the second hand.
<Page3>
　It's early morning, 6:33 a.m.
　Half an hour has passed since I got on this train.
　That's how much time and distance has passed since I left the homes of the people who have taken care of me over the years and who I will never return to.
　The depth of our humanity may be measured by how we accept it.
<Page4>
Do we feel close to the distance of "only that much more"?
Or do you think it's a distance of "only that much more"?
<Page5>
　I wonder which it is.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
<Page6>
　I was the only one seated in the eight-seater seat, and the seat opposite me was empty.
　The only passengers on board were a man in a suit dozing off in the seat next to him and a girl standing in front of the door.
　As it was an early morning flight, the inside of the train was very lonely.
<Page7>
　Perhaps because I was so lost in thought, the driving sound from outside the carriage strangely did not remain in my ears.
<Page8>
　I was vaguely reminded of a spaceship going through the dark space.
　The cluttered sounds of the outside world did not reach me.
　All that was here was his own futile imagination, the sound of his heart pumping blood, and the memories that had passed just an hour ago.
<Page9>
　It was a sudden story.
"Tono Makihisa passed away.
　Please return Tono Shiki, who was left in your house, to the main family."
　The telegram from his parents, who hadn't heard from him in nearly seven years, was said to have that meaning.
<Page10>
　I can't go against the decision of the Tono main family. I was still a student and was receiving child support.
　It was out of sheer will that I decided to return to the house not the night before but the morning of the day.
<Page11>
　To stay in the house where you have been living for as long as possible.
　Even though it was the decision of my family, it was my way of showing courtesy to the people of Arima who had welcomed me, a person with whom I had no connection, into their family.
<Page12>
"Thank you for the food. It was delicious this morning as well."
　He finished his breakfast before the sun rose and left the dining table to join his hands in the room that had been reserved for him.
<Page13>
　It was a tasteless way to thank me for all the years I'd spent here, but that's what you get for leaving feelings unfulfilled.
　Life here had been nothing but bright. That was all the luggage I needed to take with me.
<Page14>
　When they left Arima's house, Keiko was the only one to see them off.
　I was the one who suggested that we be as quiet as possible and not wake the rest of the family.
<Page15>
"Thank you for taking care of me until now.
　Please give my regards to your father and Miyako."
　The person who had played ---- the role of my mother for seven years had terribly sad eyes. I never thought that I would see that kind of face from this person.
<Page16>
"I know it must be hard living in the Tono mansion, but you must be strong. You are physically weak, so don't be too reckless."
　I accept his words of sympathy with open arms.
　The past seven years had been truly peaceful. In the same way, if the time I was there wasn't painful for the people of the Arima household, then I couldn't be more pleased.
<Page17>
"After seven years, you'll be as healthy as a person.
　Even though it looks like this, it's rather sturdy, my body."
"Yes, you're right.
　The people of Tono are very special, but you're the one who isn't afraid of things. Ever since you were a child, you've always been so unflappable that I was surprised."
<Page18>
　I laugh at her words with a bitter smile, and she laughs as well.
　I was happy to see that in Keiko's mind, I was still "our child".
<Page19>
"It's too much to buy.
　...... I'm off then. Your mother is well."
"I'm sure you'll agree. I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
　It's typical of Keiko to not return a "go away".
　She sent me off with tears in the corners of her eyes, having accepted that I would never return.
<Page20>
　That was just 40 minutes ago.
　It was a milestone in my new life.
　It was the end of the life of the person called Tono Shiki.
<Page21>
　The scenery outside is changing little by little.
　I think we have passed through the suburbs of Shaki, across the river, and entered the urban area of Soya.
<Page22>
　The train line went to the ground again.
　The feeling of gently ascending the slope.
　The sun shone brightly on my eyes, which had become accustomed to the artificial lights.
<Page23>
　The train runs with a panoramic view of the city.
　Most of the city has not yet awakened.
　Outside, the air is getting colder.
　It's an autumn morning in October, when the vestiges of summer have disappeared.
<Page24>
　Thinking about it, I've been gazing at this scenery for a year and a half.
　This is the last time I've seen the train ride to school.
　I look back over the past seven years, tracing the scenery as I pass by.
<Page25>
　When I was ten years old, I recovered from a serious injury that would normally have killed me instantly.
　I met my teacher.
　I came to live in Arima's house.
　This is how I arrived at the autumn of my second year in high school.
<Page26>
　In the event you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with me, please do not hesitate to contact me.
　I think that Tono Shiki has spent ordinary, but difficult days.
<Page27>
　From today, it will become a little more important.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　The actual ...... Tono family's way of doing things can be too troublesome ...... and too heavy for a person who has been used to a normal family.
<Page28>
"I'm sure you'll agree.
　I can't imagine a western-style building that is bigger than a school ......."
　I am impressed with how well you were able to endure it as a child.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with your family.
<Page29>
　The train arrives at a large station and stops for a few minutes.
　Since the train stops at every station, it is waiting for the next rapid train to pass.
<Page30>
　There is no one on the platform.
　At this time of the day, I would expect to see a few businessmen in business suits, but this morning it was particularly quiet.
<Page31>
　A rapid train is passing on the next rail.
The next stop is.... The next stop is...
　A familiar announcement.
　The automatic door closes with pneumatic pressure.
　The next stop is Soya Station, where the high school is located.
<Page32>
"Wait, wait, wait!"
<Page33>
"Ahh~. It's dangerous!
　I almost lost my head.
<Page34>
　It was a female student from our high school who slipped in through the automatic door.
　It's a green ribbon, so it's third grade. I've seen it before.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for a great deal more than just a great deal more.
<Page35>
"------"
　You can find a lot more information on the web.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　In addition to that, you will find a number of other things to consider.
<Page36>
"It's a great way to get the most out of your day. I'm sorry to have disturbed you this morning.
"Oh, no, I'm sorry too. I was staring at you.
　I couldn't help but apologize for the smile on her face.
<Page37>
"This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page38>
　A senior student who chuckles.
　When I was taken aback by that gesture.
<Page39>
"You see. It's me, me, me. I'm not sure if you've already forgotten that we just met last week.
<Page40>
"That ...... Ciel senior ......?
　In an instant, the memory is shaken.
　You will find a lot of things to do. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page41>
　Who called him the all-around senior of Yataka.
　If there is a student in the first year who is troubled, he can consult with them and make them positive.
　If there is a student who is lost in the second year, he will solve the problem itself.
　If there is a student who is in trouble in the third year, he will stop the bullying of the younger students.
<Page42>
　Some students even call him the true president of the student council because he is more reliable than the teachers and the student council.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with us.
<Page43>
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family.
　In addition to being weak in the morning, the first time you go home in seven years, your head is clouded.
　I...
C:>Unfortunately, there was no need to talk to him.
C:>I had a few questions.
C:>I had no choice but to watch it carefully.