<Page1>
　Arihiko had suddenly disappeared at the end of fourth period. He must have moved to the cafeteria ahead of us and secured a seat for us.
It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web.
　Let's have lunch in the cafeteria today.
<Page2>
　The cafeteria was almost full.
　There was a 10-minute line waiting to order.
　While watching the students lined up with their meal tickets in their hands, Arihiko and I took a table.
<Page3>
"So, Arihiko. Who is the special guest?"
"Mmm. I'm not sure what to say. I was supposed to meet him at the cafeteria, but ...... I'll wait a bit and see what happens.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page4>
"............
　I'm not sure what to make of this.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page5>
"No, it seems that the senior has gone away.
"Was your guest a third-year student?
<Page6>
"Oh, he's an interesting senior. I've been attacking him for the past few days and finally managed to get him to join us for lunch.
　I heard he had other commitments today, so he's running around the school.
<Page7>
"Sounds like a busy guy. Thanks.
"He's not busy, he's like a fully automatic massage machine.
　It's not that I'm not a fan of the idea, but I'm not a fan of the idea.
<Page8>
"It's not that he's busy, but he's like a fully automatic massage machine. Let's eat it, then.
"Yes, I'll eat it.
　We both start eating the udon.
　However, the metaphor of "a person like a fully automatic massage machine" is interesting ...... and makes me a little curious.
　I'll ask you about that next time.
<Page9>
"So. What's the real story?
"What do you mean?"
"The reason you were in class this morning.
　You lied about Ichiko-san being at home. He's got a day job now, right?
<Page10>
　I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page11>
"I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm not sure what to say.
　Tono, are you going back to your parents' house from today?
"Yes, but. Did I tell you about ...... that?
<Page12>
"No, I didn't. I only heard about it from my sister.
　And you know what? I just wanted to make sure Tono wasn't blue.
<Page13>
"I see. And what did you get?
"It wasn't interesting enough to get up early for. I'm disappointed. I'm disappointed.
"I'm sorry I couldn't live up to your expectations. You're a very busy man, Arihiko.
<Page14>
"That's why he likes to gossip. Tono was sent away from elementary school, wasn't he?
　I don't know what the reason was, but it's been seven years since then. Why are you calling your disowned son back now, your father?
<Page15>
"It's not that he was disowned. He just asked me to leave the house for some reason.
<Page16>
"Tono-kun, it's you. If there was a family that kicked their child out of the house for some reason, it wouldn't be a tragedy, it would be a funny story.
　But it's one step closer to horror, it's too cold to be funny!
　Arihiko laughs exaggeratedly, "Hahaha. One of Arihiko's strong points is that he never becomes serious at any time.
<Page17>
　To tell the truth, even before he was involved in a car accident and hospitalized, he had a bad relationship with his father.
　The Tono family was a prestigious family that had been around for a long time, and their way of being was far from the norm.
　What I remember from my childhood is the huge Western-style building and the pressure of the family's precepts, which were timeless in accordance with that Western-style building.
<Page18>
　The Tono family was also a wealthy family and shareholders of several companies. His father, Tono Makihisa, is said to have been an ordinary businessman, but the assets he inherited from his grandfather were strong enough and the company management was smooth sailing.
<Page19>
　An anachronistic mansion.
　The mansion is an anachronism, but it is the life of the upper class, which values civility and history.
　The life in such a mansion must have seemed boring to his childish mind.
　That is why, when he was told that he would be entrusted to Arima's house, he accepted to leave the house without much resistance.
<Page20>
　I think the result was very good.
　I got along well with the Arima family, and I treated my stepmother, Keiko, and stepfather, Fumiomi, as if they were my real parents.
　Because she had always longed for a normal family, Tono Shiki lived in Arima's house as if she were a real child.
<Page21>
　I don't think there were any regrets there.
　But there is one point. It's a great way to get the most out of your time with your family.
<Page22>
　I think that Akiha will not be able to ...... keep in touch with Tono Shiki.
　It's natural for them to resent you.
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family.
　You can easily imagine what Akiha thinks of her brother, who quickly ran away from the house.
<Page23>
"I'm sure you're right. You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
"Right?　In addition, it comes with a decree to never cross the threshold again. In the world, such a thing is called disowned.
　I've never heard of it before, though. I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
<Page24>
"..............."
　.......
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a good idea to take a look at your own personal life.
　I'm sure it was a bad time for a lot of things.
<Page25>
"Well, if you don't want to talk about it, fine.
　Arihiko holds the bowl with both hands and drinks the soup down.
　The break time is short. In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, please do not hesitate to contact us.