<Page1>
　I walk down a different path home than before.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your time with your family.
　...... Step by step, you will get closer to Tono's residence.
<Page2>
　It's not an unfamiliar landscape around you.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page3>
　It's a little bit complicated.
　This way home is both nostalgic and fresh.
<Page4>
　I walk up the long slope.
　The houses disappear from around us.
　---The smell of green tickles my nostrils.
　Although we are in the middle of the city, we feel the air that rejects modernization.
<Page5>
　From here on, it's almost Tono's land.
　The mansion where Tono Shiki lived until he was ten years old.
　What is there are old memories and relatives who did not get along.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page6>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　His mother died of illness the year Akiba was born.
　So there are only two people in the Tono family: himself and his younger sister, Akiha.
<Page7>
　Normally, my eldest son, Shiki Tono, would be the heir, but I don't have that right.
　In the event that you are the heir of the Tono family, it means that you will be subjected to a rigid education.
<Page8>
　I didn't want to do that, so I spent my time freely, and I don't know how many times Makihisa gave me a hard time about it.
　Then I was involved in an accident that left me with a physical defect, and Makihisa took advantage of the situation to cut me off.
<Page9>
　He said, "Even if you are the eldest son, you can't succeed a weak man who is not sure when he will die.
　I defied Makihisa's expectations and managed to recover, but by that time, my younger sister Akiha had been chosen as the heir.
<Page10>
　In the event that you've got a lot of time, you'll be able to take a look at a few of the things that you can do to make sure that you get the most out of your time.
　I haven't seen Akiha at all since then, although we played together in the garden of the mansion until we were involved in an accident when I was ten years old.