<Page1>
"I'm not sure what to say.
　A voice leaks out.
　I look up at the moon and shift my glasses to see the line.
"I'm not sure what to make of it, but it's a good idea.
<Page2>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　The fang that did not stop.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　The selfish nonsense of outsiders.
　Without denying it.
"''I'm sorry---then it's like...''
　If you want to escape with such a painful face, these guys seem to be right. ......!
<Page3>
"You're also thinking short term.
　You should have thanked me before you chased me, you little shit.
"...... you."
　It's a good idea to take a look at the website of the company and see if you can find any useful information.
<Page4>
"I'm not going to thank you. If you don't ...... come along, Alcade will be nothing to you. ......!
<Page5>
"What?　Are you serious?　Or are you kidding me?
　I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm not sure what to say. It's not gonna save her, you know.
"------"
<Page6>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family and friends.
　It's just a coincidence. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your investment.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page7>
"..............."
　I let out a big breath and let my head cool down a bit, eager to go after Alcade.
<Page8>
"'Yes, frustrating but true.#.
　Thanks for ...... the help. I thank you for saving Alcade."
　He puts his suspicions about Maariou and the others aside and bows his head.
<Page9>
"I've changed my mind. I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that, Toono.
　No, you're not. You want me to listen to you? Well, it's the same either way. Come here, come here."
<Page10>
　Mário walked towards the bench.
"------"
　He took a deep breath and followed suit.
<Page11>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. ...... To be honest, I'd rather go after Alcade right now.
　But deep down, I realize that this will not solve anything.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're going to do.
<Page12>
"I'm not sure what to say.　Is it me too?　I mean, can I sit down and rest?
"Die, pig. You're the SP behind me. I'm the only one who can sit on the bench. I'm the only one who sits on the bench. Toono doesn't care that much, so he'll just stand there.
<Page13>
"............"
　I'm not sure what to say.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page14>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
"...... You're an expert at killing vampires. Alcuade said he was an agent of the Cathedral Church.
<Page15>
"Oh, yeah. That's all you need to know. I'll save you the explanation.
　I'm a rookie who was sent to replace my father. In fact, I'm only halfway through this country's affairs.
　The three men there were investigating before me, though. But he did it on his own. If it wasn't for me, not only my master, but also you would have been ousted, so pig. You should be grateful."
<Page16>
"It's a good thing I'm not the only one.
　...... Tsk.
　Maoriou-kun. The guy behind me just clicked his tongue.
<Page17>
"I'm not sure what to do. But the target is not the true ancestor ...... Alcade. I'm not sure if I'd be able to do that if I were you.
　I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page18>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It seems that it is not ...... just a question, but now I can not read his true intentions. You have to answer honestly here.
<Page19>
"At least the name ...... Roar.
　You're a castle owner type vampire and you've been lurking in this city for years now.
<Page20>
".......... It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
　I'm not sure what happened to ...... the true ancestor.　It's not even close to accurate. Did a meteorite hit you?"
<Page21>
"...... No. I'm sure you're right.
　I'm sure it's because I...
　It's because I killed it, I couldn't say.
<Page22>
"I'm not sure what to make of that. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　Okay, that's it for the confirmation.
　I'll tell you why I stopped you, and I'll tell you about the "enemy" you want to kill.
<Page23>
"I'm not sure what to say.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your investment.
<Page24>
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page25>
"It's ...... a great help to me, though. Are you sure you want to talk about this?
"It's not okay. It's confidential.
　But well, Toono is a party to it, right?　He believes in treating atheists well, even if they're infidels. It's an important source of funding.
"Well, that statement is against our doctrine!　Warning, Kark!
"Shut up. I'll mosaic the important parts.
　Now, let's give a lecture to the princess's rare collaborator.
<Page26>
"Hey, Toono. "You said that the enemy is an older type of vampire.
　You said the enemy is an older type of vampire, which means they are imperfectly immortal.
"...... I heard. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. But on the other hand, as long as they are sucking human blood, they can live forever without aging. ......, right?
<Page27>
"That's right. It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web.　Immortality is a perfect image, right?　It's also a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. In fact, it's less than human.
<Page28>
"That's..."
　It is a sophistry, but it is not a mistake.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. In the event that you've got a lot of money to spend, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
<Page29>
"...... Yes, that's true.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web.
<Page30>
"I'm not sure what you mean by that. I'm sure you'll agree.　I love a good man, don't I?
"...... is fine.
　But what does that matter? For all their faults, vampires will always be immortal as long as they have ...... human blood.
　Is this definition of immortality what you're talking about Alcade's enemies?"
<Page31>
"Yeah. It's a little bit of a detour. I'm sure you'll agree.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site. In their case, it simply means that their lifespan is several times longer than that of humans.
"...... simply? It's not only their lifespan, but also their power that's beyond human.
<Page32>
"Oh, there it is.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
　You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
"Principles. ......?"
<Page33>
"The dead man's proposition. The purpose of life. The curse of the undead.
　The only path to true immortality.
　This is what they call the principle blood commandment - Idea Blood. Well, just think of it as a summer vacation homework assignment that you can't finish even if you spend your whole life doing it.
<Page34>
"For the sake of this principle, each of the dead people work for a completely different purpose. The truth that they learned is different for each one of them.
　And, you know what? Among the Dead, there's a son of a bitch who's seriously studying immortality.
"......?　You mean he became immortal and was studying immortality?
<Page35>
"Yeah. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I don't want this imperfect thing, I'll make a more perfect immortality.
<Page36>
"But as long as there is a form, destruction is inevitable. The pressure of time, the wear and tear of the cells, the moulding of the soul is no exception to any existence.
　When life is born, it contains death in it. As long as I exist here, even if I have a body that does not age, I cannot escape the death of existence.
　To escape death means to die.
　This absolute contradiction is a problem that cannot be solved.
<Page37>
"...... Yes, it is. Death is there for everyone.
　If there is anyone who does not have death, it is..."
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for a new way of life. You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
<Page38>
"Ah. There's no escaping the death of existence.
　So, he looked for a way to continue to exist even after death, not a way to extend his life.
　That's the immortality, that's what he opened his eyes to. It's not in our doctrine, but it's called reincarnation.
When you die, if you can start over as a new person with your current self preserved, you have already preceded death.
　Well, it can't be called "death" when you haven't disappeared yet. It's a bit of an exaggeration to say that it goes beyond death.
<Page39>
"In the event that you're not sure what you're looking for, you may want to check out the following website.
<Page40>
"That's right. In the event that you're not sure what to do, you'll be able to ask your doctor.
　His information is kept in the shadows until the baby becomes an adult or has intelligence as a self.
　And then, when it has developed an intelligence suitable for taking over the self, the baby will become a vampire.
<Page41>
"Wait a minute.
　What does that mean?　You're not going to operate on a baby while it's still inside its mother?
<Page42>
"No, it's not a medical procedure. The moment her current body is destroyed, she will be reincarnated in a pre-determined body. It's a copy. I said "all information" earlier, but in short, it's like a radio wave.
　In this case, it is the human brain that transmits and receives the radio waves. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time and money.
<Page43>
"..................
　I'm not sure if this is really possible or not,.......
　I'm sure you'll agree with me.
　It's also a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　That's...
<Page44>
"...... Marlowe. I mean, that's him.
"Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
　This is the vampire that we at the Cathedral Church and the True Ancestor Princess are after.
　I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　The snake is a symbol of infinity and circulation. Shedding its skin and taking on a new body is the perfect sobriquet for this guy.
<Page45>
"It's the enemy of Alcade.
　...... vampires that reincarnate.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the web site.
<Page46>
"But here comes the problem.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea.
　I'm sure you've heard of it.
　I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
<Page47>
"I'm sure you'll be able to find something that will help you.　If it is ......, there is no point in defeating it, is there?
<Page48>
"I'm sure you're right. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.#I don't know.
<Page49>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure if it's ...... my imagination, but he seems to have his own thoughts on Roa.
<Page50>
"I'm not sure if this is the end of the ...... story?
　Then---"
"I'm not sure what to say.#It's a great way to get the most out of your money. I'm not sure if it's good news or bad news.　That's what it's called.
　Of course, what you've seen so far is good news for you. You've learned something, haven't you?
<Page51>
"...... Oh. I appreciate the information about this Roar guy, but ......
　...... vaguely.
　I feel like I shouldn't be listening to anything he has to say.
<Page52>
"'Just a few more minutes, then you can listen with abandon.
　The trouble with the Loa is that it is extremely difficult to discover.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
<Page53>
"In the event that you're not sure what to do, you'll be able to ask your doctor.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what's going on in your life.
　In the event that the church notices something wrong, it's already too late, and a city has already become a dead city.
<Page54>
"--------"
　I can't ...... give you the right answer.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page55>
"What's wrong, Toono? Your face is blue.
"...... No. That's crazy. I don't know what's going on, but that story is crazy.
　You were born a human, right?　So no matter how much your past life awakens you, your body will still be human. ......?
<Page56>
"Unfortunately, no. It's not the personality that is reincarnated, but the soul.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　Roa will pass on all the information in the soul to the next you.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it'll help. But...
"But what?
<Page57>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your money.
　So while you're still alive.#I'm sure you'll agree.
　There are two conditions for being chosen as a reincarnation destination.
　One is that the person must be wealthy. If you are born as a child of a family with high social status and wealth, it will be convenient to turn the entire city into vampires.
<Page58>
"And one more thing. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　It is generally discriminated as a psychic or a demon child.
　Because the specific ability is a physical thing, it is inherited in the family lineage. I'm not sure what to make of that.
<Page59>
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
　This is the condition for being selected for reincarnation.
　Do you understand me, Tono Shiki?
<Page60>
"------"
　I'm not sure what to do.
　You can get a lot more than that.
　It's a great way to get the most out of your business.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
<Page61>
"Ha."
　A dry sound is heard.
"Ha, ha."
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page62>
"...... What are you talking about, dude?
　It's a good idea to take a look at the details on the web.
"I'm not sure what to make of it. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. You'll be able to get a lot more than just a few.
　---I don't understand.
　I'm not sure what this woman is saying, but I don't know what she's saying.
<Page63>
　I'm not sure what to make of this.
　It's not possible for that to be true. I'm not sure what to make of this.
<Page64>
"It's because he's human until he's conscious.
　"That's because he's human until Roa's conscious.
　The report of the three men there is wrong. You're not the reincarnation of the loa. Akasha's snake is a different person."
<Page65>
"Yes?"
　...... No, wait a minute.
　I've been talking to you very carefully about this, and it's not me. ......?
<Page66>
"What?　I'm not sure if you're reading our report, you little jerk.　You know how many days I spent investigating!
　I'm sure you'll be able to find something that will work for you.
<Page67>
"I'm not sure.　I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm not sure what to make of it.　I'm sure you're not the only one.
<Page68>
"I'm not sure what you're talking about.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　You can't have such a pathetic reaction to a person with a vampire soul printed on it.
<Page69>
"------"
　...... This long talk was to gauge whether I was a loa ......?
　No, thank you for clearing up my suspicions, but --- more and more I don't know who this boy is.
<Page70>
"I mean, ...... what ...... is ......?
"We have no right to do anything about it.
　But it's not a total waste of time. You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
<Page71>
　It's a good idea to take a look at the website to see if there is anything you can do to help.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page72>
"I'm sure you'll agree.　I'm not sure what's wrong with that. I'm sorry for interfering with your love life. You're going after that vampire, aren't you?　The current Shinzou is a bloodthirsty mass of destructive impulses, but he still has some reason left. I don't recommend suicide, but it's not like you can stop him.
<Page73>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
　I'm not sure what to do.　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page74>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page75>
"I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
　...... That was just a joke, you know. He doesn't suck blood, he's a good vampire.
<Page76>
"He's a good vampire because he doesn't kill people." ......?
　Don't make me laugh. Vampires are evil, whatever they are to humans.
　No, if you want to be human, you have to distinguish the framework itself from evil.
　---If you can't do that, you have no right to be a person.
<Page77>
"If you're not a person, you're a target of my exclusion.
　Think carefully before you answer.
　Where do you go from here?
<Page78>
　...... A voice presses you to choose between life and death.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to use it to make a lot of money.
<Page79>
　I'll--
C:>......Chase the Alcade.
C:>...... Hold the knife without excuse.