<Page1>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure what to do.
<Page2>
"I'm not sure what to do. I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
"I'm sorry for being sober. You're the one who said everything starts with the basics.
<Page3>
"Oh, so you're the primate who builds pyramids by himself!　Solid and honest.
　I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who's had a bit of trouble with the whole vampire thing.
<Page4>
　I'm sure you'll be able to find something that will help you.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page5>
"In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the following web site: .......
　The majority of the dead are the old type of vampires, and their method of reproduction ...... is to suck blood and increase the number of friends.
　Do I really need to explain this?
<Page6>
"I'm not sure. I'm not sure what to say.
　One ruler and a bunch of worker ants ......, right?
<Page7>
"Yes. There are different kinds of worker ants.
　Like I told you, there are these rungs.
<Page8>
"First, there's rung I, the dead.
　They can't stand on their own, they're puppets that do what their parents tell them to do. If there is no order, they are left as corpses to die.
　In other words, low-ranking soldiers. They are just things that have had their blood sucked and their blood sent to them. One of what we call the dead.
<Page9>
"Next is the second rung, the werewolf.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　Because their brains have rotted away, they are more violent than the dead of the first rung because they instinctively seek flesh and blood. I'm not sure what to say. That's also dead.
<Page10>
"The third rung, immortality.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　The living dead. The undead. It's a great way to get the most out of your life.
　An advanced soldier whose brain was reconstructed after he died. They don't mind sunlight. However, if they are not embalmed frequently, their true identity will be revealed easily.
　So much for the category known as the dead.
<Page11>
　...... I see.
　The zombie ...... dead also had such stages.
　The more the ladder advances, the more it improves from a mere corpse to a moving corpse.
　By the way.
<Page12>
"I'm not sure what to make of this.　You?"
<Page13>
"I'm sorry, but these things are usually the work of the church. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page14>
"The next step is the IV rung, the night genus.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
　In the event that you're not sure what to do, you'll be able to find out. I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page15>
"If a thing of the VI rung or higher sucks the blood out of its prey carefully and little by little, the victim will start with a vampire of this rung. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　In the world of magic, it is only up to this rung that one can be called "human."
<Page16>
"Vampire Apprentice ......, so you're not dead anymore?"
"Yes. This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your money. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　Only one person out of a thousand can reach the fourth rung."
<Page17>
"Next is the V rung, the Night Demon.
　In addition to the depths of the IV rung, the curse in their blood allows them to display different abilities that can be attributed to the parent group or individual.
　Advanced knight, full-fledged vampire.
<Page18>
"And the last VI rung, the Dead.
　I'm not sure what to make of that. You can make a child through bloodsucking and erosion, but you can't make a child above the VI rung.
　It's the limit of what you can become. If I had to guess, I'd say it's a citadel.
　The vampires nesting in this city are on this rung. "As parents, they make servants, and it's a disaster that eats away at the village.
<Page19>
"The above is the status system of the Dead. Is there anything you'd like to share with us?
"What rung was Vroob on?
"The VI rung, of course. The Dead. In his case, he skipped a grade, but that's a story for another time.
<Page20>
"And then there's one more thing. This is the main topic.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.　If vampires suck blood and make more friends, why do they have to be so different?
<Page21>
"'Good point.
　That's the biggest drawback ...... of the Deaths, no, I think it's a feature.
　It's a good thing that you're not a vampire.
<Page22>
"'Making servants and eating are two different things.
　If the blood is only sucked, the human can die as a human.
　But then, when the blood of the Dead is sent, the human is controlled by the blood and dies. After that, they are reborn as vampires and become cursed.
　This ladder is a representation of the depth of that curse.
<Page23>
"...... So, the man who was just killed didn't come back to life after he was killed, but ......#I'm not sure what to make of that.
<Page24>
"Yes. But it's not easy to make a servant. Vampires don't have an easy way to expand their family.
　If you're a dead person of the first rung, you can send your blood to them after you kill them and force them to become soldiers.
　But in order to increase the number of vampires above the second rung, the victim's own talent ......#aptitude."
<Page25>
"Aptitude......?　Aptitude for what?
"Immunity to vampire blood, perhaps?
<Page26>
"Most humans don't have the aptitude. So when they are fed with vampire blood, they are easily dominated by the characteristics of the vampire. It's like a disease that makes you work even after you die.
　But then, you can't call it a high quality servant. As a parental figure, I need them to be independent on their own. If you use your own time every time you move a worker ant, that's just the end of the matter, isn't it?
<Page27>
　That's true.
　The parent vampire is usually said to sleep in a coffin.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　If you use your own power to move those limbs, it's not worth it.
<Page28>
"A person with the aptitude can resist the vampire curse.
　After that, it's your own survival power. Either you will lose your life to the vampire's blood, or you will overcome this and be reborn as a vampire.
　The bodies that have been found in this city are those who had the aptitude but died out.
　As a result, they're just "murdered" bodies left on the streets. The dead start to move on their own after they're killed, but the bodies that don't become dead stay that way, right?
<Page29>
"...... I see. If you become a zombie, there will be no body left behind.
"That's what I mean. The victims in the news are rather rare cases. They were spotted because they had a certain aptitude and ended up dying as humans.
<Page30>
"Only one person in a hundred has the aptitude. In the event that you've got a lot more than one of these, you'll be able to use it to your advantage.
　It is often said that vampires are a pyramid scheme, but not everyone can become a child by sending blood. In fact, the number of what can be called "vampires" is decreasing with time.
<Page31>
"...............
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page32>
"In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page33>
"I'm sure you're aware of that.
　In the first rung, you are just an automaton, but in the third rung, your brain is alive. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation. They are willingly killing humans and sending their blood to the parent group."
<Page34>
"...... No, that's not right.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. You can't help but be forced to do something like that.
<Page35>
"...... There was another one before, a dead man who begged for his life like that.
"If you disobey, you will be killed." "I was only doing what I was ordered.
　In other words, they're killing people because they don't want to die. What's the difference between this and killing them willingly?"
<Page36>
"------ No, it's not."
"The dead who are still conscious will always complain that they have no freedom, that they had to do this.
　But they still have the freedom to die in defiance of the Lord. But since they chose to kill humans, I think they are voluntarily killing their former kin.
<Page37>
"I don't mind, because I'm going to kill anyone who is part of the Dead anyway.
<Page38>
"..................
　I'm not sure what to say.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. I'm not sure what to say.
　But that's the logic of vampires,......, strong creatures.
　Humans can't live that right or that simple.
<Page39>
"And one more correction. Even servants can disobey their parents.
　The vampires known as the Dead give their servants free will. So that they can defy and challenge themselves one day. That's how Vroob became a mortal vampire after he killed his parents.
<Page40>
"Okay, remember this, Shiki.
　I'm not sure what to do with it.
　I'm not sure what to say. So they can be as cruel as they want. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page41>
　...... human things. I'm not sure if this is a good idea.
　Arquaid said.
　He said that humans cannot understand the death of minerals.
　In the same way, minerals and animals cannot understand human death.
　So the death of the emotions, the suffering of the spirit, is a pastime only for man?
<Page42>
"Are you saying that we should leave our freedom to suffer?
　...... I don't get it. Why do vampires do that? It's too useless. It's just bad taste.
<Page43>
"That's right. I agree that vampires have bad taste.
　But that's only for the dead. The ones who were vampires from the start don't do that sort of thing.
"----?"
　Vampires have been vampires since the beginning. ......?
<Page44>
"...... You said there are two kinds of vampires.
　I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page45>
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page46>
"...... Shiki, you said earlier that it was in bad taste to use the people you killed, but it's still better than that. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
"By games, do you mean killing humans for fun and using their corpses as toys ......?
<Page47>
"I'm not denying that .......
　For the dead, entertainment is the same as breathing.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　Unlike us, they didn't have a purpose, but they became immortal, and the moment they got immortality, they lost all their desires.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page48>
"...... What's that? It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　If you're not going to get old and you're not going to die, that's good enough for you. You don't need any other pleasure.
<Page49>
"So that's enough for them, you see.
　But that's not the point of existence.
　An intelligence that perceives itself as worthless, as a life that has ceased, has no value in existence.
<Page50>
"They feared that they were wearing themselves out, so they were willing to create entertainment. They defended themselves, saying that they were alive and that they could still have fun. That's how the nobility got started.
<Page51>
"They started a game where they imitated humans and made themselves masters of their own castles, expanding their power.#It's a game.
　The kingdom of the dead, to put it bluntly. It was surprisingly exciting for them.
<Page52>
"I told you.　I told you they were imitating humans.
　The dead share their blood with the people they suck to death for entertainment.
　The corpse grows up, passing through tens of thousands of odds, and eventually kills its parents and becomes a new mortal itself.
<Page53>
"A knight becomes a monarch through valor.
　They have to play games like that to exist,----.
　I'm not sure what to say.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page54>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.