<Page1>
...I should find out more about their intentions.
As long as I don't what their goal is, I have no choice but to deal with them.
<Page2>
"...If you're okay with me then I can listen at the very least.
What business did you have?"
<Page3>
"Well, it's about the fire at the north gate.
I mean, the security firm in charge of the scene that day and the next is a subsidiary of your household, right? They've already left, but I wanted to talk to the person in charge that day. Do you have their contact info by any chance?"
"―――I-Is that so? I didn't know anything about that.
So unfortunately I don't think I can help."
<Page4>
"Really? You're the eldest son and you don't know? Well that sucks. I guess it's your little sister that holds all the power huh?"
"...Why are you questioning us about that? I know this sounds absurd, but are you saying that the Tohno group were responsible for that fire?"
<Page5>
"Hmm? I'm not implying that at all. It's obvious it was a spontaneous combustion no matter how you look at it.
The problem is something else... Well, I guess it's okay to let you guys in on it. You probably already knew anyway."
<Page6>
"So yesterday, we found something beneath the caved-in rubble that was rather unpleasant... or more like something we couldn't understand. The forensics team couldn't make heads or tails of it. After all, that land belonged to the Tohno family, no?"
<Page7>
"According to the records, around 10 years ago, Tohno Makihisa bought that land at a price much higher than its market value.
That's the part that I wanted to ask about. Why did he buy a prime piece of land in front of the station and turn it into something like a park?"
<Page8>
"I haven't got a clue. Makihisa had passed away after all.
Is that all you wanted to ask?"
"Eh? Wait, are you not going to forward my message to your sister? I did properly tell you about my objective, right?"
<Page9>
"Unfortunately, my sister is a very busy person.
I implore you to leave. If there's something you want to talk about, then I suggest that you follow the correct procedure."
<Page10>
I turn my back and begin to trail down the hill road.
I know what they're after now.
...I don't fully understand the situation, but I won't let those shady detectives meet with Akiha.
<Page11>
"Oi."
The high-pitched voice brings me to a halt.
If it had come from Detective Ando then I would have simply ignored it, but that boy's voice was filled with a strange sense of dignity that it was difficult to oppose.
<Page12>
"Being righteous is fine and all, but know your place. If you want to die as a human being, then this is the place to do it."
"...What did you just say?"
I stop in my tracks and stare at the young boy.
Did this person say 'as a human' just now...?
<Page13>
"...What are you trying to say?"
"I've said everything that I needed to, idiot. If you don't listen to me, then you can go off and die.
Hey, we're leaving Ando. It's time to eat. I want cake, you hear me? One that's full of cheese and honey!"
"Yes, yes, as you wish... Why did I come all the way to Japan just to babysit this young master..."
<Page14>
The strange duo get on the passenger car that was parked on the road and drive towards the direction of the station.
<Page15>
Despite their appearance, it seems that the police are monitoring our mansion... Not only that, but the land in front of the station where the incident occured belongs to the Tohno family...?
"...No, that must be a coincidence."
It has to be.
Besides, that cave-in was performed by Arcueid without thinking. There is no connection between the vampire incident and the land in front of the north gate.
<Page16>
"......"
I swallow down on my bad premonition.
I pull myself together and begin descending the long hill road.
