<Page1>
I get sent off by Hisui and leave the Tohno residence.
...I'm worried about Akiha who stormed out of the room, but because Arcueid is the cause, we would be going around in circles if I talked to her about it.
I feel bad for her, but until I can settle this case, I have no choice but to continue like this.
<Page2>
"...But I wonder. I haven't really thought much about it..."
I wonder if I could choose to be honest and talk about everything that I've been through...?
Even if people don't believe me, I should let them know about vampires since it's connected to the safety of the city.
<Page3>
"...That's right.
For example, I could spread some rumors on the internet or something..."
<Page4>
I take out my mobile phone as I'm walking.
Regardless of whether I have the credibility, I should post everything that I know so far on the boards.
<Page5>
Whether they accept it or not is ultimately up to them.
Simply shouting out 'Trust me' would just have the opposite effect, but if I just leave behind information, it's possible that it could circulate as a warning in the form of some urban legend.
<Page6>
"Ah, hello? You there, got a sec?"
"Hmm?"
I stop my legs as soon as I get called out.
<Page7>
What I see when I turn around...
is an unfamiliar man in a business suit.
<Page8>
"...Are you talking to me?"
"Yep, you. I mean, there ain't any other kid that walks down this road except you right?"
<Page9>
He's right.
The only thing that pass through the highway in front of the Tohno residence are passenger cars.
The only people that walk through here on foot are probably me and the employees of the Tohno household.
<Page10>
"So hear me out. Just now, you came out of this house right? Could it be that you're one of those employed kids working inside?
In that case, how lucky. Super lucky. Not for me, but for you. Don't you want some pocket money? You want to learn more about the Tohno family, don't ya?"
"......"
<Page11>
I maintain my distance for some reason or another.
It's not because I was irritated by the man's superficial manner of speaking.
Rather it was so serious that it was frightening.
I felt like he was putting in a great amount of attention to making sure that his attitude left no room for error from within those harmless words...
<Page12>
"Ah, did you think that I was some sort of curious onlooker?
Well not that I deny being one, but I promise I'll properly compensate, okay?
What I really want to know is, you know, about the eldest son that recently came back. There hasn't been a single photo since it's all so recent. Perhaps you could share what he looks like, his favorite foods, type of women, and frankly what his weaknesses are―――#Haua?!"
<Page13>
The frivolous man jumps up and down as he holds onto his nether region.
"Are your screws loose or something, you dumbass. This guy's Tohno Shiki no matter how you look at it."
<Page14>
A child...?
It seems that this young boy, who looks around twelve years old, came from behind and kicked the man in his groin.
<Page15>
"A-Are you serious?!
But he doesn't smell like bourgeois at all, does he?!"
"What kind of smell is that? It's not like you can smell riches right? Or are you talking about the smell of finger marks? Are you saying that the rich are nothing but dirt? That's rather rich coming from you, oi."
<Page16>
"N-No, not at all, just the upstarts, I'm only talking about some of the upstarts! You know, like those loansharks who wastefully spend half their day counting their money and stuff?"
"So you mean guys like the old man? Pretty shameless to critisize your own boss if you ask me, Ando."
<Page17>
...What the hell is up with this situation...
Should I call the cops for now?
<Page18>
"Hey you, don't just stand there and call 110. Why are young kids these days so dry as to do nothing but pointless things? #Here, take a look."
"―――Eh?"
<Page19>
I take my eyes off my mobile phone which I had already entered '11'.
The man points toward a black identification card.
Although I have never seen the real thing before, that is, without a doubt, something like a police identification card.
<Page20>
"A police ID... are you a detective by any chance?"
<Page21>
"That's right. We ain't suspicious. We're detectives. Metropolitan Police Department, Criminal Investigations Division 1, Ando Yuugo.
But like, we've been turned away at the front door since yesterday y'know.
Even though we juuust wanted a little chat, they were rather persistent on having appointments. So lo and behold, we were forced to stakeout on the highway."
<Page22>
"......"
I don't think there are any detectives as supicious as these ones.
...However.
Regardless of whether that ID card is the real thing, I'm curious about the reason why they're on lookout in front of our house.
I―――
C:>...don't like this, but I'll ask what he wants.
C:>...think they're bad news. I'll ignore them.
