<Page1>
―――It was right in the middle of the residential area.
A very plain, ordinary four-story apartment building.
<Page2>
There are around four rooms per floor, with the majority of them being lit. The residents are not asleep yet and are each spending their time in their own way.
Whether or not that's normal is not something that people looking in from the outside could know.
<Page3>
"Gh――――――!"
I can see the lines.
The weight on my brain makes me want to throw up.
<Page4>
...This place is strange.
The lines running along the building are extremely ordinary, but there's something strangely chilling about them.
<Page5>
Perhaps it was the pure white illuminations leaking out of the rooms,
or maybe it was the plethora of the lines of death, whirling around the body of the woman who just returned to her apartment.
<Page6>
"―――Yeah. This one's definitely a hit."
Instead of going through the entrance of the apartment, Arcueid heads toward the slope that led to the underground garage.
The entrance to the garage is closed by a shutter.
<Page7>
"It looks like an ordinary apartment but... is this it, Arcueid?"
<Page8>
"Yeah. This shutter is covered with a deodorizing field to ward off people.
I wonder if that's a camera over there. They may have captured my image, but the dead inside have already lost their chance to run. Although they could have escaped if I had come during daytime alone."
<Page9>
Arcueid stoops down and puts her hands on the edge of the shutter.
I thought she would pull it up in one go, but―――
<Page10>
"Shiki. Can you cut this shutter?"
"Well yeah, I can... but is that okay?"
"Yeah. You're more qualified at this than I am. If I opened it by force, I would set off the alarms, right?"
<Page11>
...She does have a point.
Now that it is the time for action, Arcueid remains completely composed.
<Page12>
"You should stay by the entrance of this garage.
If this is their 'den', then there's probably around ten of those undead waiting inside.
If it was just a one-on-one, then you would be stronger, but you would be at a disadvantage if there were two or more of them."
<Page13>
"It's not like I'm that... well okay. Fine, I'll cut it."
I sever the 'lines' on the shutter.
With a crashing sound, the iron door falls onto the concrete floor.
I peer into the pure darkness from within the opening of the broken shutter.
<Page14>
"What the hell is this smell...?!"
A repulsive odor.
The inside of the garage is filled with the stench of rotting flesh and dense blood.
<Page15>
The line clusters squirm from within.
They must have noticed that they have visitors as soon as I cut down the shutter.
<Page16>
These numbers... there are twenty-two of them. Even with these dead alone, there's no doubt that this place is their master's stronghold!
<Page17>
"Arcueid, there are more of them than we expected...!
This must be their stronghold. In that case, I should―――"
<Page18>
"Hmm? This isn't a stronghold, it's just a feeding ground.
Don't worry, these undead just got up, they're like insects to me. I'll finish this quick, so just wait over there!"
<Page19>
"――――――You're kidding me..."
My channel of consciousness could not keep up with the unexpected sequence of events.
After showing off a grave packed with sludge,
a magnificient figure skating ensued. It was a distastefully bad combination.
<Page20>
After coming to their senses, a countless number of the dead rush down on the visitor.
They are teared apart by a single swing of her arm.
A swarm of fangs. A scattering of dead flesh. Within that downfall of rain, a white figure dances around without a single drop on her.
<Page21>
No matter how many times I see it, I cannot help but hold my breath.
...That's right.
There was no way those corpses could put up a fight against her.
<Page22>
Their abilities are different. Their views are different. Their dimensions of existence are different.
This is what it means to be matchless against someone who can destroy you with a single touch.
In Arcueid's eyes, vampires that only suck blood were probably no different then us human beings as prey.
<Page23>
"Tch......"
A headache runs through me. It must be the price I've paid for exposing my eyes, but I can't put on my glasses just yet.
<Page24>
Even though Arcueid said that she could take care of it alone, there are still more than ten corpses remaining.
At this pace, she can wipe them out in less than a minute, but until Arcueid's fight is over, I won't―――
<Page25>
"Huh...?"
Arcueid is acting strange.
Her movements become sluggish.
<Page26>
She hasn't taken a wound.
She didn't even let any of the corpses near her.
And yet,
every time she tears apart a single corpse, it seems like her face is distorted with pain.
<Page27>
―――A sweeping torment.
Before I know it, there is only one corpse remaining.
There is no need for undue mayhem anymore. She can settle this with a single swing of her arm.
And yet,
without holding back, the white figure pulverizes the thing that was once human, perhaps thinking that this was the end.
<Page28>
It's over.
Arcueid drops her shoulders in the middle of the tragedy, trying to control her erratic breathing.
...That idiot. I don't know what's going on inside her head, but she used up too much power. 
If it was her, she could have finished it more easily with around a tenth of her violence.
<Page29>
"Arcueid."
I call out to her from the entrance of the garage.
<Page30>
"Yeah, how was it? Were you watching, Shiki?
This is the last one for tonight, and you are watching me after all, so I went a bit overboard."
<Page31>
"Arcueid... this is the first time I've heard you say something alarming like 'a bit overboard'..."
I breathe out a sigh.
<Page32>
...Geez, give me a break already.
To think that she went that much overboard just to make me proud. I seriously don't know how to respond to that.
<Page33>
"...I mean...
it's true that I was a little fascinated by it, but―――"
The cheerful atmosphere gets cut in half.
My thoughts come to a sudden halt. My consciousness goes blank.
Surely enough, there was something abnormal over there that I could not believe with my very own eyes.
<Page34>
How long has that thing been there for?
No, more like how long have I missed something like that?
The black panther from the back alley.
The burning corpses.
The dead that camouflaged as humans.
I've seen all sorts of strange things these past couple of days. I went through all kinds of new experiences.
<Page35>
But they were all things that have changed within reality,
a variation of something that exists in the real world. An extension of things that we already know.
But that thing is different.
It's air is different. The species that it came from is different. The process for which it came into being is different.
That thing is a different organism that shouldn't exist in our city, and even in the world of Arcueid.
<Page36>
That thing took the shape of a human.
It carries the same scent as the dead.
However, it abandoned all parts that made it human. Parts that made it part of the homo sapiens.
I feel no signs of it breathing for life. I can't see any part of it that responds to light.
All that my instincts can vaguely understand is that it is a creature whose only purpose was to prey.
<Page37>
Even if I say that I've never seen anything like this, I know something that closely resembles it.
―――A spider.
<Page38>
"――――――"
My thoughts are still frozen in place.
I don't remember how to use my throat.
The flesh of its abdomen unfolds like it was pulling in a wave.
<Page39>
The expanded flesh was not the fat of its stomach, but something that solidified to what seemed like arms.
The uncanny multitude of arms bends like a mollusk.
On one of its ends...
<Page40>
"Arcueid!"
I raise my voice.
Sensing the abnormality, Arcueid turns around.
<Page41>
The wielded tentacle releases like a whip and aims toward Arcueid's neck.
<Page42>
It all happened in a single instant, but it was far too late to catch Arcueid by surprise.
Arcueid, with her claw that she used to sweep away the dead like paper waste,
intercepts the whip of vulgar flesh as if it was natural―――
<Page43>
"Kya...?!"
However, the whip of flesh was not cut off by the hollow claws,
and although it was repelled, it's momentum remained intact, snapping into Arcueid's back as if it had wrapped around.
<Page44>
"――――――"
I hear the sound of a trigger being pulled inside of my skull.
A grotesque looking dead that was hiding―――Things like that can happen.
The hardness of its skin being concealed.―――Things like that can happen.
A different kind of ugliness from the dead from earlier. Things like that can happen.
On top of that...
Thinking that it could kill Arcueid, a second and third whip of flesh gets released.
―――That can't be.
<Page45>
What a fool.
That idiot.
If she hadn't done that... If she hadn't done something so reckless, she wouldn't have been bested by such a monster. I can't believe this. She took a new wound. She's shamefully being driven to the wall. Her breathing is ragged. Her movements are shaky. She took that hit that even I could have dodged in stride.
<Page46>
"Tch―――"
I'm so glad that I didn't put on my glasses.
Otherwise I might have broken it in half out of rage.
The grotesque looking dead jumps up in what seems like excitement.
A vulgar smile spreads across its face up to its cheeks as it stands in front of the prey that it should never have reached.
<Page47>
"―――I..."
You've got to be kidding me. It's because of me. It's my responsibility. It's my fault. It's because... it's because I killed her that she's on the floor. Even though I only killed her out of pleasure, she... she still forgived a worthless human being like me. That's―――
"―――I'll kill you, you piece of shit―――!"
That's not something a lowly piece of meat should look down on...!
<Page48>
I slice it. Without twisting or turning, I slice it purely through animalistic movements.
Is it because I'm running toward it,
or is it because it's approaching me?
It doesn't matter. My legs will not falter.
<Page49>
The second arm gets drawn. A small fist that looks like a point from my perspective, different from the large one from before. A so-called jab in terms of boxing. The fastest movement of the muscles with the smallest amount of force. Although it's power is weak, it's speed is either too fast for a person to follow, or the body is unable to fully react.
No problem at all. If I can't dodge it, then I'll just have to tear it apart in front of me.
<Page50>
I chase after the fleeing back. The disconnected red lines of crazed death.//I have no idea what this second line means
I sever the lines successfully without thinking.
The left leg of the highly alert creature is on the verge of death.
The only thing left to worry about is its bite, but I've already reached the place where I needed to be.
I pierce the rumbling 'point' located slightly top-right of its navel.
<Page51>
I did not hear the screams of death agony.
The grotesque looking dead stopped all movement and died like a mechanical doll whose battery got depleted.
<Page52>
"―――――#Ah."
After finishing the job, I was able to breathe again.
<Page53>
Fragments of rotten flesh scatter around the vicinity.
The dead that I brought down has already turned to ash.
Seeing that nothing had changed with the dead that Arucueid brought down, that grotesque looking one must have been a special case.
<Page54>
"Ha――ah."
But I killed it.
Despite its surreal appearance, I took its life without hesitating.
"Ha... ah."
My head cannot think properly.
That was simply plain violence just now.
I did not take any of Sensei's lessons into consideration. I simply let my mind go wild. Even though I shouldn't have done that, I acted like the killer that I had always feared.
<Page55>
"Ha―――ha―――ha."
Regret. Self-rebuke. Hatred. Disappointment. These feelings will surely rain down upon my calm self.
<Page56>
...But that's okay. 
That is much better than Arcueid getting hurt.
Just now, for the first time ever,
I used my power for the sake of a woman, without hesitation, and with my sanity still intact.
<Page57>
"......"
Looking over, I can see Arcueid's shoulders tremble and her breathing disarrayed.
<Page58>
"Are you okay?! Arucied...!"
I rush over to Arcueid.
She grabs onto her chest like she was holding back the pain, suffering like an animal who knows only how to breathe.
<Page59>
"You idiot! You're too careless! It's all because you acted violently without thinking!
Are you okay? Did you open another wound again...?!"
"........."
Arcueid swings her back with a clatter.
<Page60>
...This is awful. It's not normal to see sweat come out of her entire body like this.
Perhaps she sustained an wound on her chest, I thought. But when I look at her face as she's leaning over―――
<Page61>
"Pfft―――fufu, ahahahahaha! Ahahaha!"
"―――Oi."
<Page62>
"Geez, you really are an animal!
That was amazing, that was way too amazing!"
"......"
<Page63>
This is terrible.
Arcueid didn't bend down because she was in pain.
She was holding her stomach so that she could contain her laaughter.
<Page64>
"Crying fake tears like that, you've been corrupted by human society, haven't you?!
That's right, I was a fool for worrying about you! There's no way someone as strong as you would be in that much pain!"
<Page65>
"Ah, how awful. I really was in pain, you know.
If I had been pushed any further, my stomach could have been cut again by a certain someone!"
"Ugh, gh..."
That's just playing dirty.
I would still be at fault no matter what I say, so I have no choice but to stay quiet.
<Page66>
"...Sigh. Fine, I get it. I sincerely apologize for my actions.
Despite that stupid laugh from earlier, I'm glad that you're okay."
<Page67>
I retort with a hint of sarcasm.
As I say that,
she gives me a mysterious grin on her face once again.
<Page68>
"What? Was there something else that I missed?"
"Yeah. It's just that I wasn't crying fake tears. I really was happy back then.
After all, I was able to rely on you so much."
"――――――"
My cheeks become red. I try my best to turn my face away from the sudden surprise attack.
<Page69>
"Hmm? What, is something wrong Shiki?"
"I-It's nothing! I just felt a little hot, you know!"
What do you mean 'you know'? That was a pathetic attempt to hide the truth.
<Page70>
In any case, I avert my gaze away from Arcueid.
Although I concealed my reddish cheeks by covering my face with my hands, that act in itself made me feel even hotter.
<Page71>
"――――――"
And besides, what's up with that face? What is she thinking when she praises me under these miserable circumstances? There is a time and place for that you know. How much more of a devilish woman can you be? Or maybe I'm the one strange for feeling this happy. In that case, I should settle down. Let's calm down and take care of this heat.
<Page72>
"...Right, that should do it.
So now what do we do? I mean, even if this isn't the enemy's stronghold, maybe we should go inside and search for some clues or something?"
<Page73>
"Yeah, it might be good to investigate before people come.
There probably aren't any clues about the coffin, but maybe we can find the location of the other feeding grounds―――"
"......"
<Page74>
No, that didn't do it at all.
I can't control my heartbeat no matter what. My face is hot.
My head is completely dazed. Arcueid's voice is simply passing through me.
...But there's nothing I can do about it.
Anyone would feel mesmerized when she talks with a smile like that.
This feeling, this headache, this heaviness in my limbs, it's all because of Arcueid―――
<Page75>
"...Shiki? Hey, are you alright?!"
"What an incredible fever...
That dead... was that enemy really that hard to look at?!"
<Page76>
"...No, it isn't really anything like that... but...
...Arcueid, aren't you, a bit too close...?"
My head won't work.
Although I'm still conscious, my thoughts are sluggish, and my body senses feel awfully distant...
<Page77>
"Let's stop this investigation and take a break.
In any case, he's the type to not leave any trails, so it's enough to just destroy one of his feeding grounds today. If he loses this many worker ants, he won't be able to be active for a while, and then he'll have no choice but to go out himself."
<Page78>
Arcueid pulls my arm that she was grabbing on to.
I nod vaguely at the words of Arcueid, and so we leave behind the underground garage smeared in dead flesh.
