<Page1>
　I woke up earlier than I expected.
　I guess it was because something bad had mixed in.
　I put my right hand on my left upper arm and squeeze the blood vessel from the skin.
　There is no pain. In a human, there would have been.
　There is no effect. It is natural because there is already no need.
　Superfluous things.
　It is that woman's bad habit to only do things that don't need to be done.
<Page2>
　The time is past midnight.
　An ugly scream is heard from the town.
　The body, the heart, and the soul are begging for sustenance.
　Oh, God. I've fallen so far behind that I don't even have a wake-up call at hand.
<Page3>
　I drink down the food I scavenged on the ground on the roof of the building.
　The sky is close here.
　It's a meal of the lowest order, and I want to take care of the place.
<Page4>
　The voice of the audience reaches me from the ground.
　I stand at the edge of the rooftop and look at the situation.
<Page5>
"Dead...?"
"Please, don't kill me. ......!
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
<Page6>
　It's nothing.
　In the back alley, there was a red-haired vampire and six men and women who were attacked by it.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the website and see if you can find anything you like.
　The VI rung, the dead.
　Their performance is good enough, but their spirit is too immature.
<Page7>
　You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
　They playfully torment their prey and use their anguish as a spice to satisfy their own taste for cruelty.
　Because of this, the unaccustomed countryman is not worth talking about.
　At first, one animal is enough, but then they get carried away and start devouring them at random.
<Page8>
"------"
　I'm not sure if it's because I just woke up.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　In addition to self-mutilation, I browse the past records.
　It's because there was a time when I was just like that.
<Page9>
　I just let my impulses get the better of me, and as a result, I created a congregation just like any other mortal.
　If you agree with my philosophy, you shouldn't be seeking for an incomplete immortality like the Mortals in the first place.
　You should have stayed in the night division of the IVth rung.
　I was disappointed and angry when a believer appeared who wanted to become a self-supporting member of the V rung and even the VI rung, and it was the greatest disappointment and anger of all time.
　As a result, I disposed of the congregation with my own hands before they were killed by the White Executioner.
<Page10>
　It was an abhorrent reincarnation, but I miss it strangely now.
　The night in this city seems to be a comfortable one for me.
　I have proof of that.
<Page11>
"Save me, save me, save me. ......!"
"Hee......, heee, heee ......
"Why?　Why?　Why?
<Page12>
　I don't feel a thing, even after all that devastation.
　This body is mine.
　Tono Shiki will never wake up again.
<Page13>
　On the way home, I look up at the sky.
　It was a moon that seemed to stick to the air.
　No matter how many times this eye changes, it is an object of observation that never changes.
<Page14>
　---Well.
　Then, let's start the party as promised to Kare.
　A celestial egg.
　Proof of eternity.
　To answer the love of the Great Lord...
　---I will activate my pantheon.