<Page1>
　--- Was it my imagination?
　　　　I woke up when I thought I heard some people screaming.
<Page2>
　The time was past midnight.
　I fell asleep early and missed dinner, so my body is complaining of hunger.
　It's no use. It's not like I can cook by myself, I'll just go out and do it.
<Page3>
　By the way.
　Even if I say simply the meal, the way of being is divided into two.
<Page4>
　The meal to enjoy ...... which takes a lot of time and effort ...... and
　The other is ......, which is a meal for living ...... and can be done briefly.
　This time it's the latter.
　You can't use your extra strength because your limbs are still sluggish. But...
　As a result, I had to watch this kind of meal.
<Page5>
"Dead...?"
"Please, don't kill me ......!
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
<Page6>
　From the rooftop of the building, observe the human body staggering about.
　Hmmm... It's a good idea to have a good idea of what's going on in your life.
　It's just like a game. They playfully torment their prey and use their agony as a spice to satisfy their own taste for cruelty.
　At all, the countryman who is not accustomed to this cannot be talked about.
　At first, one animal is enough, but then they get carried away and start to eat everything at random.
<Page7>
　---Suddenly, I look down at my hands.
　Is our meal good or bad?
　Is it permissible to eat not to live, but to enjoy --- to seek a more delicious time?
　Of course it is allowed.
　All the liabilities are incurred by the one who is killed. If a life cannot protect itself, it is the natural order of things to become a prey.
<Page8>
　It kills other creatures.
　It preys on the animals of other species.
　If that is considered a strong man, then the apex is not the dead.
　Human beings are the ultimate predators.
　An intelligence that makes up for its inferiority as a species with civilization.
　The true ancestors would speak of this.
　Only the human species will be able to kill the world's greatest creature in the end.
<Page9>
　But the ultimate is not the strongest.
　It's just that "the means to do so are extreme.
　While humans are superior as a species, we are too weak as an individual life form. This weakness, which requires the sacrifice of everything else to survive, is nothing more than structural "evil.
<Page10>
　Regardless of differences in intelligence or ecology, humans are creatures that live by preying on something.
　If so, it is arrogant to call murder evil.
　If there is a sin, it is on their side, who live as predators, but are not aware of it, and cannot even protect themselves.
<Page11>
　---That is not true.
　That's the logic of the one-sided strongman.
　You can only talk about your logic within yourselves.
<Page12>
"Save me, save me, save me. ......!
"Hee......, heee, heee ......
"Why?　Why? Why?　Why?
<Page13>
　It's an exciting scene, but I think I'll leave it at that for tonight.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web.
　The remaining scent is enough to fill your stomach.
　I have to get back to my room before I wake up.
<Page14>
　On my way home, I look up at the sky.
　It was the moon, which seemed to be about to fall.
　My throat, which should have been able to tolerate it, begs for some fine nectar.
<Page15>
"It's time to wake up. Are you awake by now, Baldamayong?"
　It's a good idea to use a woman as a mouthpiece.
　You can find some of the best ones back at the mansion, but I'm hesitant to touch them.
　It's not a psychological problem that I'm not comfortable messing with my family.
　It's a matter of instinct to avoid danger because I don't want to die.
<Page16>
　Is that the last thing you want to do, or...
　We have to take them by surprise at the beginning, when no one has noticed the change yet.
<Page17>
"Well done. It was worth the risk.
　You're a cancer on the airwaves. If the body is connected to the line, it can easily be transferred to a safer place.
　I've read everything I can find on you. You don't want to be reincarnated if you can help it. There's too much to lose.
　So... if there was still a way to survive in that time, I'd bet on it."
<Page18>
　Here's an example.
　There is a creature A that steals the life force from others.
　And then there's human B, whose life force was stolen by A.
　It's like the relationship between vampires and humans, but the essence is different.
　For A, the life force is the asset itself.
　As long as B is alive, A can use the assets that B produces as his own account.
　This is beneficial only to A, but A and B are now in a coexistent relationship.
<Page19>
"This is something you could not do before.
　Well, it's a miracle of chance.
　The kid who was reincarnated happened to have a vampiric ability, and his victims persisted in surviving.
　It's a tragic story. There were two single-minded bastards in this city.
<Page20>
　Creature A is a descendant of an old creature unique to this country.
　In the event that you've got a lot of time and energy, you'll be able to make the most of it.
　As a result, A survived and B, whose account was used up, died.
　What complicated the situation was that B, who was supposed to die, came back to life due to some external factor.
<Page21>
"But, thanks to that, I was able to get my head out of the sand by the skin of my teeth.
　I've sent my deputy back to the homeland. I'll take care of the true ancestors.
　You can wake up in peace. After that, let's slowly deal with the secret of immortality."
<Page22>
　Human B was taken to the hospital and survived the surgery.
　I'm not sure what to say.
　If you are a western bloodsucker, you can give your own blood and live on as a dependent.
　However, the bloodsuckers of the East seem to be different. The unknown technique that revives the human who did not give blood and was on the verge of death as a human.
　It is very interesting. This country is small and closed, but that's why it retains a lot of ancient mysteries.
<Page23>
　---One part of that is this old clan.
　Even without the visit of foreign vampires, their destruction was guaranteed.
　---Oh, how I miss it.
　---I have returned to this house for the first time in eight years.