<Page1>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　From the roof of the building to the roof.
　Without stopping, without falling, like an arrow released, straight.
<Page2>
　The destination has already been fixed.
　An educational institution built in this city. In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page3>
"Hmm...hmm..."
　It is only two kilometers in a straight line from the mansion on the hill to the school building.
　It's a great way to get to know the people in your area.
<Page4>
　It was a movement that she was used to.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　For many of the dead, it was a figure synonymous with the lightning bolt of death.
　But only tonight, the trail was soft and warm.
<Page5>
"I love you---I love you, I love you, I love you!
　She looks up at the sky and shoots her feelings into the sky.
　It's a great way to get to know people.
　If you don't put your hands on your cheeks, you'll fall down with a smirk on your face.
<Page6>
　An inexplicable light fills my chest.
　A sense of fulfillment, almost like numbness, kept flowing from my neck to my brain.
　It was all a new discovery, a joy.
<Page7>
　The pessimism that had bound her earlier was nowhere to be found.
　Her body may be on the verge of collapse.
　She may not have the strength left to fight.
　Even if you defeat the vampire lurking in that school building, you may not have a future anymore.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page8>
"I'm not sure. I don't care about that at all.
　For her, it was already a problem of the past.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　The only thing that makes her run now is the thoughts in her chest.
　---I want to protect what is important.
　It's the first time I've gotten that feeling.
<Page9>
I'm not sure what to do.
"The attachment to the True Ancestors and the quest for immortality is less.
"This Loa...
　I have a deep motive for one person.
<Page10>
　You can find a lot more information on this subject in the following article.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
<Page11>
So... I will defeat him.
　I won't invite him to the place of death anymore.
　It's not like she's hesitant to fight Roa anymore.
　A few minutes ago, she was afraid to confront Roa.
　Her underlying rationality had told her that the odds of victory against Roa were slim.
<Page12>
　Her fear wasn't that she wouldn't be able to complete the purge.
　I was afraid that I would be defeated, that I would disappear, and that I would never see him again.
　But now it's different.
　The only thing that drives her now is the joy that surrounds her.
<Page13>
I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm not sure what to say. It's probably the reason why.
<Page14>
"------"
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　Will you be able to win?
　Will I survive?
　Will I ever see him again?
<Page15>
　It would be nice to do so, she thought.
　Fight for it. Fight for what you want.
　It was an action principle she had never had before.
　Not hatred or mission.
　In the event that you're not sure what you're looking for, you'll be able to find out more about it here.
<Page16>
I'm not sure what to say, but I'll try.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to do.
<Page17>
　---I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.