<Page1>
It's after school.
I couldn't bring myself to go back to the house right away, so I look out at the schoolyard through the window in a daze.
The classroom is dyed in the orange of the sunset. The color, which seems to have been dipped in red watercolor, hurts my eyes just a little.
<Page2>
I don't really like crimson red.
I feel nauseous as it seems to seep into the back of my eyeballs.
......I'm weak against things that remind me of blood.
Or more accurately, I've developed a condition that weak to blood.
<Page3>
Seven years ago, Tohno Shiki had a near-death experience.
I was told that there was a terrible accident, and that I was caught up in the middle of a collapsed building.
<Page4>
Normally, such injuries would've been fatal, and I heard that I was wounded so badly that everyone around me had given up (abandoned).
However, thanks to the quick response of the doctors and the fact that all the wounds were concentrated in one place, I miraculously survived.
<Page5>
......When I think back on it like this, it seems like someone else's story, and it's only natural that much of it feels like speculation.
One day, I unexpectedly got involved in an accident, was struck by an object which pierced through my chest, and eventually lost consciousness.
<Page6>
It was like a machine that had been forcibly shut down.
The rest of my memory was just painful and cold, and before I knew it, I found myself waking up in a hospital bed.
<Page7>
I still have the scars from that moment.
According to what I heard, not only did I landed on my back hard when I fell, but also a piece of glass had pierced my chest.
<Page8>
Thanks to that, I have a burn-like scar in the middle of my chest and back.
It was only after the wounds had healed that I looked directly at my body and lost consciousness from the sheer awfulness of it.
<Page9>
Since then, I've had frequent bouts of anemia and collapsed many times, causing a lot of trouble for those around me.
This is probably the reason why my father... ...Tohno Makihisa left me at the Arima house, saying that I wasn't strong enough to be the heir of the Tohno family.
<Page10>
"......Chest wound, huh?"
......I hold back the nausea that came over me.
The pain is like a needle pricking my eyeball, but I take some deep breaths and get through it.
<Page11>
A mark of death in the middle of my chest, hidden beneath the uniform.
Since that accident, I've been able to see "lines".
Thanks to the glasses that Sensei gave me, I have been able to live a decent life, but if I hadn't met her, I would've lost my mind a long time ago.
<Page12>
When we parted this morning, Keiko-san was worried that people in the Tohno house were different from the norm.
It's an unnecessary worry.
Because---
If we're talking about abnormal, then I'm the one who isn't normal.
<Page13>
".................."
I put my glasses back on and pick up my bag.
I can't stay in the classroom forever.
I'll---
C:>Wander around the school.
C:>Return to the mansion.