<Page1>
There was no sign of Arihiko in the classroom. It seems that he really came to school early yesterday on a whim.
I went to my desk, greeting my familiar classmates.
<Page2>
For a few minutes before Homeroom, I sat on my chair and checked my phone.
Morning's public news. The school bulletin board, created by a group of young teachers, and the anonymous student bulletin board, created by a group of volunteers.
There were no threads that caught my attention.
I looked up and saw that most of the students in the classroom were spending their time the same way I was.
<Page3>
The teachers who are over thirty, say that today's students seem to have no friends in real life.
Of course, that's a misconception and a misperception only of the people of previous age.
Dependence on the Internet and dependence on friends in front of you have become equivalent, and no one in my class gets along with each other.
<Page4>
School used to be a place where you could only make friends inside the classroom. There was little connection to the outside world.
It's different now. You can find as many friends as you want. The atmosphere in the classroom doesn't have to be homey. It just needs to be comfortable.
<Page5>
Thanks to the highly developed Internet, the difference in the amount of knowledge we have based on age has become less and less.
Although there is a difference in the amount of knowledge we have accumulated, we seem to have evened out in our lives.
<Page6>
Adults say that there is no enthusiasm, no dreams, and no hope in us but that's just the way it is.
It's a small world now. Even elementary school students know how stagnant our society has become.
So it's getting harder and harder to dream about the future, to accept the world through one's own filter.
<Page7>
That's what sharing knowledge is all about.
The more the library of knowledge expands, the smaller and smaller will be the lives of the individuals who browse it.
<Page8>
In the past, humans aimed beyond to fill in the unknown.
Now, there is no need to do so. There is no need to go anywhere.
People are as free as they can be, but they also have no reason to step out of their narrow boxes.
I think that's what the depressing sense of stagnation in classrooms, schools, and cities is all about.
<Page9>
And so on. Although I have tried to analyze this in a pompous manner, these are just my own impressions.
I do not feel a sense of stagnation.
There is no sense of impasse, no sense of malaise, no sense of resentment towards society.
<Page10>
All I have is the obvious desire to enjoy every day as much as possible.
It would be a mistake for such a simple-minded person to talk about the complications of society.
<Page11>
While I was pondering, the Homeroom bell rang.
The students who had been chatting around went back to their seats.
I put away my phone and switched my mind.
It's the second day back at the Tohno house, and school is about to start.