<Page1>
　...... midnight. In the middle of the night when everyone has gone to bed, I sneaked back into Tono Shiki's room.
　It's also a good idea to have a good night's sleep.
<Page2>
　I changed into my nightgown and lay down on the bed.
　As soon as you do, a rapid drowsiness hits you.
　Although the body is not that tired, the brain must be asking for a break due to overuse of the magic eye.
　Take off your glasses, place them under your pillow and close your eyes.
<Page3>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　I think I had something on my mind. ......"
<Page4>
　I'm going to lose sleep again tonight.
　I let go of my consciousness to stay awake, swallowing the bitter floating sensation of falling asleep.
<Page5>
"'I'm ....... Oh God, what's going on?"
　I peeled off the quilt and stood up.
　I can't sleep because I have too much energy.
　My head wants to sleep, but this is tepid torture.
<Page6>
　I'm not sure what to do.
　If you turn on the lights in your room, Jade and Amber will notice, but in the sunroom, the lights only leak outside the house.
　Tonight, I'll take out a suitable book and continue to follow the text until I fall asleep.
<Page7>
　The year is 1989.
　I was born in the French countryside, the son of a merchant.
<Page8>
　My appearance was inherited from my oriental mother, and I grew up with a sense of being a foreigner wherever I went in the city.
　However, the people of the city were all cheerful and welcomed me with smiles. In order to respond to their smiles, I tried to live each day honestly and positively.
<Page9>
　I helped my father, went to school, and dreamed of the future.
　I was also a little worried about my precociousness compared to other children.
　I never doubted that it was my duty and that I was allowed to be happy as a matter of course.
　It was only a short time before my twelfth birthday, but it was a very short time.
<Page10>
　It came suddenly to my body.
　For example, when I was playing with my friend.
　For example, when I'm playing with my friends, for no reason at all, I feel like snapping their thin necks.
<Page11>
　For example, when I see a beggar on the street.
　You are so happy that you want to stab his malnourished stomach.
<Page12>
　There were no signs or laws for the impulse to come.
　I've always just "found myself" doing it.
　I was almost there when I remembered my name.
　I covered my throaty scream and tearful face with my hands and ran away from the scene.
<Page13>
　I was healthy, my memory was clear, and I didn't hate anyone.
　And yet, I couldn't help but want to try it if it was something I could destroy myself.
　My face was always twisted with joy at that time.
<Page14>
　I'm afraid of the outside.
　Afraid of people.
　I'm afraid of me.
　I'm afraid of this joy that's getting bigger and bigger every day.
<Page15>
　But I can't confide in anyone about this.
　Day by day, I became a person who tends to stay in my room.
<Page16>
　I was calm until the very end.
　I didn't think that I had become a double personality.
　or that someone else's mind had entered mine.
　I did not believe in such unscientific things.
　In conclusion.
　I accepted that this preference of mine was just a small destructive impulse that everyone has.
<Page17>
　The next day, after staying up late, I would say something resentful to my father who came to wake me up as usual.
　Or walking down the main street after a rainstorm and being sprayed by a puddle of water from a passing car.
　It's just a small, fleeting "rebellion of the heart" that takes shape and dominates you.
<Page18>
　I don't know about other people, but it seems that I'm that kind of person who can't go against my own heart.
　If this continues, I am sure I will do something irreversible.
<Page19>
　The only thing I could do was to lock myself away in my room.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　It's a great way to get rid of a lot of the stress and frustration that comes with being a parent.
<Page20>
　...... But that was a mistake.
　You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with your family and friends.
<Page21>
　That day.
　The "I" that had been completely replaced thought was a common complaint: "I'm thirsty.
<Page22>
　I dragged my weakened body slowly out of the room.
　My parents, who had been relaxing in the salon, came running up to me as I came out of my room for the first time in a month.
　Greeted by a worried father and a smiling mother with tears in her eyes, I kill them both.
<Page23>
　It really was that easy.
　With my body still weak, I gulp down my parents' throats.
<Page24>
　After sucking the blood and life out of both of them, I sat up.
"'---Great. This body is the most gifted ever."
　It was a voice that I had never heard before.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page25>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　Originally, the vessel in which I was to be born was predetermined.
　First, he was a powerful man of the land.
　Secondly, the family must have a special talent.
　The first condition was the most important, and the second was only a supplement.
　My first job is to find a family that meets the first condition and set them up as a relocation destination.
<Page26>
　...... But the last time I did this, I was killed by the princess before I could make a decision. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page27>
　The result is this body. I was born as a child of a middle-class family with a low social status.
　This makes it difficult for me to take control of the city as a human. No, it would be nearly impossible to gain power in the years before the princess found me.
　But I was not pessimistic.
　Rather, there was a flash of joy in my body.
<Page28>
　I had weighed my 'family background' against my 'talent' and had always chosen 'family background'.
　As a result, I had never encountered a truly excellent body.
　But this time is different. The strength of this body's magic circuits and the amount of magic power it generates surpasses that of ordinary magicians.
　It's a great way to make sure you don't end up in a situation where you can't get out of it.
<Page29>
　I laughed at the calculating nature of my successive generations.
　The conditions should have been reversed.
　Power can be obtained if you take your time.
　But a truly excellent body, a born gem, can only be found by a miracle of the Lord.
　In my ■th incarnation, I finally arrived at that truth.
<Page30>
　When I woke up, I secretly transformed the city into a dead city, just like water eroding the ground, very naturally.
　The method was not as messy as it had been in the past, but a gentle one that did not shed too much blood at once.
<Page31>
　I was careful, careful.
　While I ruled the city in a single night, I didn't let a single human escape, but I didn't kill them needlessly either, and I carefully built my castle with high quality.
　The first thing I did was to spread the cream of despair all at once on the pure white cake batter, and then little by little, little by little
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Mockingly.
　Like decorating jams, jellies and meats with glitter.
<Page32>
　As for me, it was a waste of time and effort, but I had no choice.
　The consciousness of the reincarnated "I" cannot exist on its own.
The "I" is only knowledge and direction.
　The character of that generation of me is reconstructed based on the personality and values that the body has cultivated.
　Even though the owner of the body is me, the thought process and the level of thought do not change completely.
<Page33>
　In other words --- my body belonged to the reincarnated 'I', but my consciousness was still the original me.
　My consciousness is there, my memories are there.
　I can only stay asleep and continue to see the nightmares that I commit.
<Page34>
　So I remember.
　I remember how it felt when I bit into my parents' throats.
　Each and every person in the town who gave me a smile, as if slowly melting from the feet, the days when I continued to humiliate their souls.
<Page35>
　I, in just one week.
　The lives of the people of the city were put on the palm, and came to be played only for their own pleasure.
<Page36>
　I just wanted to go crazy.
　I wanted to go crazy and give it all up to me.
　But if you do that, you'll be committing more sins than you already have.
　I've been.
　It's a good idea to keep your sanity as it is and at least live in a way that keeps your actions to a minimum.
<Page37>
　There are only a few hours left before the ...... collapse.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your money.
　It is the fruition of a project that the "I" in me has been building up for a long time.
　For that reason, I have continued to do eternity.
　For that reason, I have collected the blood of many people.
　For that reason, more and more cities have been gathered by those who have turned them into dead cities just like my city.
<Page38>
　My consciousness will burn up in a few more minutes.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
　...... Still, if there was any salvation.
　The end of the nightmare was to come in an instant.
<Page39>
　The white woman came with the red moon.
　I do not know.
　But I knew who it was.
<Page40>
　The sixth ritual begins.
　I decided that I could finally have the white woman in my body, and...
<Page41>
　I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your vacation.
　The white woman left and my body was taken to the papal court.