<Page1>
　In the morning, the third period, mathematics.
　There is no change in the daily routine and things are going on without a hitch.
<Page2>
　As long as there is no visible abnormality, human habits do not change.
　I am taking a class, knowing that there are still dead people.
　People who keep their habits even though they know that a murder has occurred.
<Page3>
　Human beings are so resilient.
　For the sake of the future life, we dull all sense of crisis and adapt to the present situation. This is the basic skill of people living in modern society.
<Page4>
　Incidentally, Arihiko disappeared in the first period.
　It seems that the advice of his seniors was only effective for one hour.
　This is also a habit. A big hole in front of the station does not change the lifestyle of Arihiko Inui. Even if he senses something wrong in his own way, he can't deviate from this habit.
<Page5>
　I'm not sure how I feel about that.
　I'm taking a class knowing that there are remnants of vampires. It's a good idea to keep the habit of Tono Shiki by letting the vampires run wild.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page6>
"............"
　Is it a sense of danger or a sense of justice that is lacking?
　Perhaps it's both. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page7>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　And...
　　　　　　　　---I feel as if it's natural.
<Page8>
"What's wrong, Tono-kun, are you feeling bad?"
　No, replies a voice from the podium.
　My physical condition is not bad. I've been feeling good since yesterday.
<Page9>
　I'm not sure what you're talking about," he said, turning his head to look at the window.
　It's funny how the reflection of your own complexion in the glass looks morbid, even though it's transparent.
<Page10>
"---"
　My body collapses without a sound.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page11>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. ...... Too much physical condition was a disaster. You can find a lot of people who are looking for a great deal more than just a great deal more.
　You can't stop it even if you desperately keep your consciousness.
　The vision became colorless in an instant, like a curtain that suddenly falls.
<Page12>
　Suddenly, I had a dream.
<Page13>
　I was under the care of a familiar hospital for some months in order to cure a disease from my childhood.
　I spent a boring but peaceful time and recovered both physically and mentally.
　When I was about to be discharged.
　I had a dream that smelled of blood.
<Page14>
　The days after he was sent to live with relatives were peaceful.
　He behaved like an exemplary student and graduated from junior high school without incident.
　But there was no way to escape the touch of death.
　Zuei continued to be close to me like a shadow.
<Page15>
　When I heard the news of my father's death, I returned to my parents' house for the first time in several years and met my sister again.
　The younger sister had grown up beautifully while leaving the image of childhood.
　There was also a twin girl who took care of her in the house.
　I'm still trying not to look.
　But without exception, you can see the end.
<Page16>
　I saw a strange woman.
　A woman I had nothing to do with.
　It was a meaningless encounter.
　I was aware that I was a human being, despite my abnormalities.
　I stepped into her room.
<Page17>
　I was blinded by her fresh vitality.
　My spinal cord quivered with lust.
　Even if you don't know the concept of love, you understand that this is what it is.
　I wanted to know this woman.
　The result.
　There is no excuse for this, this is how it ended.
<Page18>
　The blood was warm, like a stain burning my skin.
　The guts smelled fishy, spilling out of the cross-section like a pile of manure that made me want to vomit.
　The abdomen was like a pot, but the ends gave a different impression.
　The cross section of the arms and legs looked like a Christmas cake that had been sliced open with a knife. The yellow dough, white sugar, and red balls reminded me of the three colors.
<Page19>
　A sticky, fishy smell. The strange smell was synonymous with violence.
　The mixed smell of blood and guts invaded my brain through my nostrils and agitated my reason into a mess. The sense of reality becomes vague, the gravity disappears, and the field of vision is glued to the image which is too ■■.
　The droplets of water that chirp and chirp sound like the sound of a downpour or a waterfall.
　Only about three liters of blood seem to be an endless sea.
<Page20>
　The cross-section was so overwhelming that every part was prodigal.
　The ugliness of oneself stood out as much as to compare.
　I felt like a soldier who had fallen by parachute.
　The thing that I was looking down at just a moment ago
　In fact, it was so huge that I looked up.
<Page21>
　The corpse expands. My perception became a tsunami.
　It was too late to do anything about it. It was too overwhelming to handle.
　It was not a metaphor, it was a drowning amount of information.
　I couldn't run, I couldn't breathe.
　It was the mechanism of life that I had been meditating on while learning about it as a function and a reason, but it was too vast.
<Page22>
　The consciousness becomes dwarfed. The ego becomes trivial.
　The individual that is me shrinks because it cannot bear its own low class.
　There was no material to deny it, and the more I dizzy myself, the more the world would not stop expanding.
<Page23>
　When I came to realize it, I was nothing but an insect.
　The dismantled parts looked like a huge structure.
　The blood that spilled out was a flood that submerged the city.
　I was like a maggot on a corpse, looking up at the scene.
　This is what it means to kill a person.
　I shivered like a person in distress in the midst of my own actions, shamelessly struggling to save myself.
<Page24>
"See what I did? You exposed your bullion so easily."
　I feel someone speaking to me, and I wake up from the insect's self-mutilation.
　There was a dead body in front of me that was commonplace.
　I've learned that when a human body stops moving, it becomes nothing more than an eyesore and a burden.
　Anyway, they take up space, are difficult to get rid of, and take a lot of time to dispose of.
　I see. It's no wonder they don't like this indoors.
<Page25>
"The other party was revived, so there is no crime?　Don't deviate from the point. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
　Oh, really---
"You're a non-human to begin with. There's no chance for you to recover. In fact, did you really think that you've been doing well until now?"
　It feels so good to be the worst, it makes me want to throw up.
<Page26>
　It's ...... utterly ridiculous. What was I bloody thinking after killing him with my own hands once?
　I was no better than a bug.
　It's beautiful.
　There is no right to say such impression from the beginning.
<Page27>
　I had a dream.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.