<Page1>
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for a great deal more than just a great deal more.
　It's a used product that has been used for years and no amount of sharpening will restore its sharpness.
　At the tip of the iron is a blade more than 50 centimeters in diameter.
　The weight of one ton was the only driving force that propelled the blade forward.
　The momentum with which it crushes the bone is remarkable.
　The slothful blade smashed the skull of the fleeing prey with its weight alone.
<Page2>
"Eh---what?"
　Seeing this, everyone rolled their eyes in question.
　What is happening?
　They hadn't even been able to grasp what had happened yet.
<Page3>
　This is a safe zone. There is no way that your life is in danger.
　For vampires, the city is no longer safe.
　The True Ancestor's princess and the agent. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure you'll be fine.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
<Page4>
"I'm not sure.　Isn't everyone reacting badly?
　Isn't this the place to run around like a spider?"
<Page5>
　The woman in the sisters' uniform with the murder weapon in her hand nodded her head.
　There are thirteen human faces around her.
　They were all pathetic fugitives who had come to rely on the sisters.
<Page6>
"There are fourteen of them, so I gave them a big place.
　This is a bit of a letdown, isn't it?"
<Page7>
　I'm not sure what to say.
　It's a good thing that you're not the only one who has a problem with this. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. In the event that you've got a lot more than one month to spread the word, the maximum number of prey you can lure is probably two or three.
　That's 14 people. This country is not only an urban structure, but also human nature is so concise that it makes me laugh.
<Page8>
"Oops, we just lost one of them, so there are 13 left, right?
　Hmmm, Gen is not good, so let's kill one more.
<Page9>
　A 2 meter long weapon wielded.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with your loved ones, please do not hesitate to contact us.
<Page10>

　A human scream rang out.
　The majority of the men and women gathered were young people in their early twenties.
　The bloodstained "friends who didn't even know each other's faces until now" spread out in a radial pattern.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page11>
"I'm not sure what to say. I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one with a sense of urgency.
　It's like rats gathering in the kitchen in the middle of the night. As soon as the lights are turned on, they run for their lives. ...... Look at how pitiful they are, caught by the mousetrap like this and easily crushed.
<Page12>
　The third time blood splashes wet the night.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure what to do. The skull burst without a trace, and the blade reached the center of the torso from the neck.
<Page13>
"I'm not sure what to do. It's a great way to get rid of a lot of problems in your life.
<Page14>
"I'm not sure what to do. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　Next is me. No matter what happens, I won't miss a single one, so there's no point in begging me for my life.
　Lastly, you guys. You have the freedom to call for help, so if you want to be saved, pray to God, not to me.
　If there really is a God, and if you are worth that much, then the world was made so that miracles can happen and you can escape.
<Page15>
　A bloody Sister pulls a spear-axe from a lump of flesh.
　The confusion of the young men reached a climax.
　They run to the four walls to get away from the sister, but their feet do not move well.
<Page16>
　This place has already been warded against vampires.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with them. They can't even run satisfactorily, and their bodies are slowing down by the second.
<Page17>
"Why!!!　I've prepared the designated amount!　Why are you killing me on the contrary!!!?"
"Stop, stop, stop with the head---stop with the legs too!
　It hurts, why does it hurt so much?　No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
<Page18>
"No...... lie, right doctor......?　You said you'd help me ...... and I'm the only one who can help you. You said you'd let me off the hook if I was a good boy......!"
<Page19>
　The sisters keep smiling.
　She lifts her spear axe, which drips a sticky red thread, and swings it down into the skull of her next prey.
　While disturbing his breathing.
　As if excited by the screams squeezed out by the blow.
<Page20>
"Hurry up and open the door, you're killing me. ......!
　Oh my god, you goofball, you're slowing me down!　That woman, as long as you go outside, you can easily-"
"I ...... can't, can't, can't ......!　When I touched the door, my fingers melted, oh no, my elbows, even my elbows will collapse, I'm melting!"
<Page21>
"Hii...... stop, stop, save me, save me, save me, God, save me......! Help me!
"Hee ......, I was praying, I was praying with my hands to God!　You murderer ......!　What kind of a sister are you!"
<Page22>
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you're going to need to be able to pay for it.
<Page23>
"Didn't you just say something strange?
　Murderer?　What's a murderer?　Is killing vermin like you a murderer?　You've been preying on people all your life, and you think you're human?"
　Stop, stop, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"
<Page24>
　Screams filled the room.
　The five remaining youths could only watch the scene with trembling.
　The Sister released her hand from the spear and painstakingly and relentlessly treated her fallen prey.
<Page25>
　First, she restored the normal sense of pain through a sacrament. The eye lids are fixed with nails so that the eyes cannot be closed.#After removing its clothes and stripping it naked, the skin is peeled off to reveal the contents.
<Page26>
　Each of the internal organs is gouged out with a black key.#Of course, each time he does this, his prey is subjected to intense pain that leads to death. After consuming all the internal organs, he shaves off the ears and nose. The prey pleads with you to kill it when it sees your changed appearance.#Finally, the skull is cracked open. Holy water is poured into the container like a platter.#For them, holy water is equal to sulfuric acid. The liquid purified by the baptism wraps the prey in the pain more than the sense of pain, and it makes it insane though there should be no sense of pain in the brain.#It makes it insane.
　The gramophone is completed only by repeating, "Corosite, corosite, corosite.
<Page27>
"------, phew."
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.#I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page28>
"This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
Don't worry, guys. I'm satisfied with what I've done so far, and I'll leave you guys to your own devices. I'm sorry for the lazy work.
<Page29>
　The sister smiles sweetly and flirtatiously.
　That was the final trigger.
　The remaining prey scream and bang on the wall like crazy while their limbs are melted by the warding.
　As if they were shouting with their whole body, "Get me out of here.
<Page30>
"No, no, no, no, no. ......!　Please don't kill me, please don't kill me, please don't kill me, God ......!"
"Please, please, please, please, please. I'll do anything, I'll do anything, please just Watashi."
<Page31>
"I'm going home...... this time I'm going home properly...... help me, mother...... mother, mother, mother. Mother."
"Wait, I haven't eaten anyone yet!　They attacked me yesterday, and I haven't even become a vampire yet, and I haven't had a single good thing happen to me yet. ......
<Page32>
　One left.
　As expected, she was tired from the big work, and the sisters rested their hands for a moment to take a break.
　To that defenseless figure, the last one asked.
<Page33>
"...... Hey. Why, was it us?"
"Yes?"
<Page34>
"We're just a bunch of mooks. We were bottom-feeding monsters that would have starved to death in a few more days if left alone. We were scum that a cleaner like you didn't need to bother with.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　It's a good thing that you're not the only one.　I'm not sure what to make of this.　Are you still a human?
<Page35>
　Sister's eyes widened at the vermin's unexpected comment.
　She was truly surprised. It wasn't ...... because the prey showed a human-like nobility at this stage.
<Page36>
"'You know. It's no wonder that the weak attack the weak.
　I was surprised to hear him say "why" when it is such common sense that every human being knows.
<Page37>
"What about ......?"
"I'm not sure why you would want to fight someone who is stronger than you.
　I'm weak, so I only fight people who are weaker than me. This is not human society, but the common sense of living things?
"Then the reason you gathered us together is not because you're a vampire..."
<Page38>
"I don't know. I'm not sure what to say. You can see it in my eyes.
　...... Oh, my God. You guys have rotten brains. Is there a cream in there?　I'm sure you're full of it.　That's why God didn't help you, because you're so naive.
<Page39>
　The last blow is swung down.
　The sister's spear axe chopped off her prey's head with a single breath, killing him before he could suffer.
<Page40>
　We cleaned up the large room littered with 14 bodies without leaving a trace and went outside.
　With a dejected look on her face, she threw down the bloodied spear-axe, wondering where all the excitement had gone.
<Page41>
"............"
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page42>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
"I'm sure you'll agree.
<Page43>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is because her character of always imagining the worst case scenario and pushing herself to the limit does not allow her to show her true potential.
<Page44>
　This case is similar to that.
　Even though she hasn't even seen the other party yet, the mere fact that a third party that she wasn't involved with has come to visit her almost destroys her mental equilibrium.
<Page45>
"I'm not sure what to say.　I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm sure you'll be fine. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one who has a problem with this.
"Mário, acting priest ......?"
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page46>
"...... This is a legitimate strike. If you want to smoke out the Loa, you first need to eradicate the soldiers who collect the food.
"I know, and don't try to explain it to me. I've been watching you from the start. You don't have to report back.
<Page47>
"But, well, that was a bit excessive.
　I'll pretend I didn't see that you gave the dead a chance to repent. There are many ways to kill a representative.
　The problem is the body count. You'll be able to find a lot more than just a few of them.
<Page48>
"No, it's worse than vampires.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. It's a natural end.
<Page49>
"I'm not sure what to say. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. That's good to know.
"...... What can I do for you, acting priest?
　I've been in regular contact with them, and I believe they allow me to go it alone, don't they?
<Page50>
"I'm not sure what to make of it. You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
<Page51>
What do you mean by "was ......"?
"It's a good thing that you're not the only one. It's a good idea to take a look at your own personal life.
　It's a good idea to take a look at your own personal life before you make any decisions.
　As soon as this case is over, you will be sent to a monastery. I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you.
<Page52>
　Monastery.
　It is a facility for believers who have chosen to live a communal life away from the secular world under the teachings of the Church.
　Just as the papacy is the smallest country in the world, each convent is an independent and closed world.
<Page53>
　The nuns take a vow to live out the rest of their lives in the convent and become part of this complete community.
　Separated from the outside world by a single wall, they live out their lives in poverty, chastity, and obedience, as befits the children of their fathers.
<Page54>
　Those who wish to enter the monastery are fine.
　But for those who do not wish to live in this closed world, being sent to a convent is almost torture.
<Page55>
　For one reason or another, the path other than being a substitute has been closed to her.
　Therefore, her re-education at the convent will be as a substitute. She doesn't think she can keep up with the harsh training she could have endured when she was younger.
<Page56>
　If she is sent to a convent now, her body will be inspected.
　For the delegates, chastity is not defined by intercourse with the opposite sex, but by the purity of the human body.
　It's the only thing that she had to avoid at all costs.
<Page57>
"Wait, wait, ......!
　You will find a lot of people who are looking for a new way of life.　It is not acceptable to send people to a monastery without an examination. ......
<Page58>
"I'm sure you'll agree.　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　It's a world where only the talented have a place. You are not a dreamer, how old are you this year?
<Page59>
　I suppressed my rebellious spirit like fire.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　The boy himself is weaker than she is. After all, he's a 12-year-old kid. She could make mincemeat out of him just by swinging the spear axe in her hand.
　But the boy's background was too powerful and too attractive.
　As the boy said, the only way for her, an ordinary person, to live more than a human being, is to lean on that background.
<Page60>
"''It's ......, but I can't just leave it to Ciel the substitute.
　Her behavior is extremely suspicious. Not only is she stopping the search for Roa, but she is also dangerous in cutting off her colleagues and going it alone.
　...... You know her history, don't you, acting priest?　I'm sure you'll agree. Then it is not me who should be restrained now,......!
<Page61>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I'm sure you know all about it.
　I'm not sure what to do. You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier. She's going to kill Roa no matter what. It's the only way she can move.
<Page62>
　It's also a great way to get the most out of your business.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page63>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　I'm not sure what to do. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time.　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page64>
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the site, please contact us.
　All that was left was Sister, soaked in blood.
　In the event that you've got a lot of time, you'll be able to take a look at the best way to get the most out of your home.
<Page65>
"What the hell is that kid ......!　What the hell is that?
　You're a child, and you're not a grown-up,......!
　The sound does not stop at once.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. It was a literal assault.
<Page66>
"Hah ...... hah ...... hah ......, ah."
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　This is the result of too much forcefulness and violence. This is a great way to get the most out of your business. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page67>
　I'm not going to use it at all, I just let my emotions take over.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page68>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing and how you're doing it.
<Page69>
　But still the anger does not subside.
　The situation has changed. In the event that you've got a lot of time and energy, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
　In addition to that, there is no time like the present.
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　It's times like this.
　I had a nightmarish seizure.
<Page70>
"Oh,......!　Ah, ah, ah,......!"
　Bend your body into a crook and endure the pain from within.
　I kneeled on the ground and scratched the dirty soil with my fingers, clinging to the "now".
<Page71>
　The chills and nausea that freeze you to the marrow of your bones.
　It was like morning sickness, she thought, though she had never experienced it before. I'm sure the child in your womb doesn't have the shape of a person.
<Page72>
"I have to go to ....... You have to kill the vampire quickly. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one who has a problem with this.
　Two more days. ......?　There are only two days left ......?
　Oh, but--"
<Page73>
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea.
　The rounded back is going to be torn.
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family and friends.
<Page74>
"It's a good thing that you're not the only one who can't afford to buy a car. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation. So...
<Page75>
　We'll kill another vampire tonight.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
<Page76>
"...... Yes, that's right, Noelle. I've become a surrogate. This is why I'm strong. I'm not going to let a kid like that or a woman like that get away with what they want.
　It's a good idea to get up and whip your shivering body against the cold.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.