<Page1>
　The ...... consciousness is dull.
　It seems to have been a dream that was not good for something.
<Page2>
　When you open your eyelids, you will find yourself in a school infirmary.
　You can tell just by looking at the ceiling because it has been used many times.
　I was lying on the bed, and the curtains were closed around me.
<Page3>
　I woke up, but I couldn't move my body.
　I can't feel any blood flowing through my limbs.
　The only thing I could free was my breathing, and even that would not last unless I was conscious of it. I feel like I'm going to fall asleep again if I'm not careful.
<Page4>
　At times like this, I have no choice but to do nothing and wait for the circulation of blood to improve. If you speak too loudly, you will only lose your energy.
<Page5>
"...............?"
　As I stared up at the ceiling, not looking back, I finally began to hear sounds.
　I could hear them talking behind the curtain.
<Page6>
I've been spending a lot of money since I came here," he said. You've been spending a lot of money since you came here.
　Oh, by the way, did I tell you about the dead people we destroyed yesterday?　The one that was holed up in a luxury apartment. He had really good liquor!　It's a rule that you can't touch the belongings of the discarded dead, but it would have been good if I borrowed at least one bottle. In the first place, they don't have a taste for it, do they?　I wonder why they have a wine collection.
<Page7>
"...... It's probably a habit from before they were born. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're going to do with your life.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
"Oh, I can understand that. I have some clothes from my youth that I keep. You can't throw them away even though you can't wear them anymore.
　Because I couldn't wear them even once. It was a dress that made me look like a princess, and it took a lot of courage to wear it. But I grew up before I had the courage.
<Page8>
"Miss Noel."
"No, that's not what I meant. It's just a memory.
　But I see. I'm sure you'll be able to understand why there are so many religious people among the dead in your country. It makes sense that the vampires in this country tend to be greedy. But Japanese people pray to Hotoke sama, don't they?　Ciel, your mother is Japanese, isn't she?　I'm not sure if you have any relatives over here?
<Page9>
"...... That's irrelevant right now.
　It's a good idea to be quiet. It will wake him up. He's tired and should be allowed to sleep until lunch.
<Page10>
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for a great deal more.
　It seems that they are the only ones in the infirmary from what they are saying.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with your family and friends. ...... Maybe you heard that I collapsed and came to check on me?
<Page11>
"I'm not sure if that's true. I'm sure you're not the only one. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. I'm not sure what to make of it.
　You can find a lot more information on the web at .......
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page12>
"It's ...... true, but...
"I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. ...... You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. It's like a bad joke. I'm not sure if it's called an oni no kakuran?　Is it possible that you have a cold?　Shall we investigate the roost of the dead alone, doctor?
"That's exactly what I'm joking about. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. ...... There is nothing wrong with my body. I can do the investigation by myself.
<Page13>
　A lot of people are not aware of the fact that there are many different types of vampires in the world.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　Anyway.
<Page14>
"''Senpai. I'm awake.
"What?
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page15>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.　I'm not sure what to make of it.　Do you want me to call your family?
"...... Noel-sensei. Didn't you say "call your folks" with the nuance of preparing for a funeral?
<Page16>
"Did you get it?　I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
　It's a good idea to take a look at your own personal life. Are you sure it was just anemia?
<Page17>
"That's right. I'm used to this level of anemia. If you lie down a little longer, you'll recover, so please put that stethoscope away. You don't have to listen to the heartbeat or anything. And don't take off the quilt.
<Page18>
"I'm sorry, but this level of poor is not good.
　It's a shame, but I'll let you off the hook for saying that this level of anemia is routine. I'm a teacher, after all. I'm not going to be able to do that.
<Page19>
"I'm so relieved that Shiki is okay though. It's a good idea to take a look at the website and see if you can find anything you like.
　Isn't that right, Ciel?
<Page20>
"I'm sure you're right. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
<Page21>
　The senior said such things indifferently.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
　I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that. ...... Mmm. You can see that it's an act, but I think it's a bit terrible to treat it as eavesdropping.
<Page22>
"It's a great way to get the most out of your time with your family. I'm not as sturdy as my seniors.
<Page23>
"I'm not talking about my body, I'm talking about my body.
　You can find a lot more information on this at ...... Anyway, stay calm for a while. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page24>
"It's a good idea. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.　We're not unrelated strangers anymore.
<Page25>
　I'm sorry.　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm...
C:>If I can be of any help to the seniors ......
C:>I've already got a prior engagement. ......