<Page1>
"First, let's divide them into different types.
Although they're all generally referred to as vampires, they can broadly be categorized into two groups."
<Page2>
"Those that were vampires originally and those that were turned into vampires.
The former are known as True Ancestors and the latter are called Dead Apostles."
<Page3>
"The ones that you people call vampires would be Dead Apostles.
The explanation about the hierarchy earlier was also about the ecology of Dead Apostles. They suck the blood of humans, make servants of them, are weak to sunlight, and are defeated when confronted with a baptismal ritual.
Our enemy is also a vampire that would be classified as a Dead Apostle."
<Page4>
At some point, her phrasing changed from 'my enemy' to 'our enemy'. I wanted to point this out, but under the circumstances it's not wrong, so I'll let it slide.
<Page5>
"...Hmm. You said that Dead Apostles weren't vampires from the beginning, what did you mean by that?"
<Page6>
"Dead Apostles are originally things like humans, animals and anything else that weren't vampires from the start.
Some are immortalized by magecraft, while others have their blood sucked and become servants.
Well, in either case, the result is basically the same.
Those who become vampires gain an imperfect but immortal body and are removed from the human category."
<Page7>
"......"
So there are two types of vampires: the True Ancestors, who were vampires from the beginning,
and Dead Apostles, who were turned from humans to vampires.
...But something's off.
I feel like there is a discrepancy or a structural inconsistency in what she said.
<Page8>
"Hey, Shiki. How much do you know about the characteristics of vampires?"
<Page9>
"I only know the basics.
The common image of vampires is that they suck the blood of virgins, paralyze others with just a stare, turn themselves into mist, or transform into wolves... This is all just based on stuff that I've heard."
<Page10>
"Yes, everything you said is pretty much right.
The reason why they suck the blood of virgins is because their blood, which has not been exchanged with other humans yet, is suitable for replenishing their genes. The main difference is that it is more nutritious compared to regular blood."
<Page11>
"Dead Apostles―――those who turned into vampires―――are imperfectly immortal. It is true that as an immortal, they have transformed into a life form with dynamic cells that are difficult to kill.
However, just like a burning flame, they must constantly replenish their energy or else they will be extinguished."
<Page12>
"All living things need nourishment in order to function, right? It's the same thing. The only difference is that so long as they continue to consume blood, a vampire's lifespan has no limit."
<Page13>
"Dead Apostles, or those that have turned into vampires, suck blood because they need it to survive.
They were originally human, so it's impossible for them to have an immortal body."
<Page14>
"The longer they live, and the more power they gain, the less the genes that make up their own bodies are able to bear the build-up of atoms. If they don't continue to increase their strength, they will collapse, but if they increase their strength too much, they will not be able to maintain their own shape."//Sentence makes no sense in JP either, don't worry.
<Page15>
"So what do they do to make up for it?
It's simple. As their own genes become corrupted, they take in the normal ones from elsewhere to supplement the ones that are lost."
<Page16>
"The same way that humans prefer organic compounds in their diet.
Vampires gather both that normal genetic information and calories from blood. The soul's calorific value, if you will."
<Page17>
"In other words, they fix their own bodies by sucking human blood and taking in their genetic information.
For the Dead Apostles, sucking blood is not only a way to feed and pool their power, but it's also essential for their continued existence."
<Page18>
"......"
How complicated. Not to mention long.
Despite the fact that I am barely keeping up with these explanations, Arcueid continues to plow on without a care.
<Page19>
"Now the next point is... the one about paralyzing just from a stare right?
These are known as 'Mystic Eyes'.
The eyeball is a useful and powerful Magic Circuit, so there are many vampires that have Mystic Eyes."
<Page20>
"It might be easier to think of it as a 'Directional magic release function'.# It's sort of like... a beam coming out of the eye? Just picture it like that."
<Page21>
"Wait, they have that, a beam!?"
I can't help but lean forward at the appearance of such a ridiculous word.
<Page22>
"Huh...!? Well... I mean, it's not an actual beam.
There's no way there are any vampires that can actually do something that ridiculous. It's just a mental image. A way to visualize."
I see. That's both good and disappointing.
<Page23>
"With that said, what are Mystic Eyes anyway?"
"It's a special type of eye. It uses Magic Circuits to release single-action magecraft... I guess you could think of it like a technique."
<Page24>
"I mean, humans have things like fencing right? It's the same as that.
There are many different types, but it's a technique that can be used by any Dead Apostle. However, even if they were to practice the technique, the power depends on individual differences and the talent of the user."
<Page25>
"The ones that we vampires have are the Mystic Eyes of Enchantment. Basically, it's the most powerful... in the world of vampires, Mystic Eyes outside of Enchantment are considered pretty useless."
<Page26>
"These Mystic Eyes of Enchantment don't enchant the person they see, but rather they enchant the person who looks into the vampire's eyes.
Powerful vampires can use their Mystic Eyes to tap into a person's brain and take complete control of their thoughts... Although, Dead Apostles who possess that level of Mystic Eyes are rare."
<Page27>
...Hmm.
So it's something like brainwashing or hypnosis.
You could order someone to 'Forget what you saw here' for example.
It's true that if you have such eyes, you could easily cover up a murder even if a third party witnesses it.
<Page28>
"...Logic aside, the point is that I shouldn't look into these eyes, right?"
"Yes, very good. So, when you are facing a vampire, you should not look at their face but at the whole body.
Making eye contact with an enemy vampire is essentially suicide."
<Page29>
"The next point is about turning into mist, right?
I guess this can also be classified into two different types.
The high-grade type is the one that involves actual particle transformation. It's a technique that diffuses one's 'self', scattering the particles that make up one's body. There are only a few Dead Apostles who can do this over a wide area and for a long period of time."
<Page30>
"And then the lower class ones are deceptions. I think it's easier to think of them like Kagemusha.
Cautious vampires create a clone and place their consciousness in it to operate. After finishing their task, they cut off the magic controlling the clone, causing it to turn to dust and fizzle out and thus making it look like it just disappeared into mist."
<Page31>
Mmm-hmm.
'Kagemusha' means 'Shadow warrior', right?
This foreigner... no, this foreign vampire knows quite a lot about Japanese culture for an outsider.
<Page32>
"Turning into a wolf, or any other animal for that matter, is a side effect of using a familiar to compensate for a damaged body.
The longer a vampire lives, the harder it is for ordinary cells to make up for their decaying body. That's why they capture a powerful beast and use it as their body.
When necessary, the beast is returned to its original state and tamed, which makes it look like it 'turned into a wolf' or 'had a wolf come out'."
<Page33>
"The Dead Apostles take at most one of the old beasts into their bodies to repair their life force. But that's the limit. If they take in too many, the vampire's soul will become clouded by the beasts.
There has been only one vampire among the Dead Apostles who has taken in more than one beast as a familiar.# That vampire is already gone though."
<Page34>
"Well, I think that wraps it up.
I've only given you a rough outline based on the image you gave me, but do you understand what vampires are like now?"
<Page35>
"It's a rough summary, but generally speaking, vampires are a species that look like humans and have the same intellectual structure as them.
No matter how foreign the contents are, as long as their basic form is human, that's good enough for a vampire."
<Page36>
"........."
If anything, I'm getting more and more confused.
I understand how monstrous these so-called vampires can be, but that's why I can't believe that the woman in front of me is a vampire...
