<Page1>
"Oh, by the way. I just remembered that you're still a student of Asagami Private Girl's Academy, right...?"
"Yes. That is because Asagami Private Girl's Academy provides a direct pathway from middle school to university."
<Page2>
Asagami Private Girl's Academy is a school for young ladies in a neighboring prefecture.
The school was originally a missionary school founded in the early Meiji era, but now it's just a school that retains its original name.
In the Showa era, the school was on the verge of closing due to financial difficulties, but was blessed with new supporters and is still in operation.
<Page3>
"It's a boarding school, right?
I was wondering why you commute from here."
"The principal of Asagami and father were close friends, so he was able to accommodate my selfish request.
He said he would allow me to go to school from home if I had a valid reason."
<Page4>
"No, that's not what I'm asking.
You were living in the dormitory until father passed away, right? Why do you go from the mansion now? Isn't it almost an hour's drive?"
<Page5>
"Well――――"
Stumbling over her words, Akiha averts her gaze.
<Page6>
"Shiki-sama.# Akiha-sama used to spend half of her week at the mansion. So it is not unusual for her to go to school from here."
"I didn't know that. But why would that be?"
<Page7>
"It was father's wish that I spend half the week here in the mansion."
Ah, I understand now.
Tohno Makihisa didn't allow Akiha any free time even when she was in middle school.
<Page8>
"......I see. But he's gone now. There's no reason for you to push yourself anymore, right?
It's ridiculous to spend two hours traveling back and forth when you're so busy. It would be more fun to spend that time with your friends at the boarding house, right?"
<Page9>
"Yes, if I could do that, I would have no troubles.
But I have responsibilities. As long as incidents like yesterday happen, I will be going to school from the mansion for the time being."
<Page10>
"Incidents like yesterday's...?"
Was there a problem with the Tohno family's property while I was gone?
<Page11>
"It is nothing. If you are not aware of it, that is fine.
―――More importantly, Nii-san, you seem to know a lot about Asagami Private Girl's Academy, are you interested in it?
I would have thought that it's a world to which men have no connection."
<Page12>
"Yeah. I know a little bit about it. After all, it's the school you attend."
"What?"
<Page13>
"I asked Keiko-san and she told me that when you entered middle school, you were enrolled in Asagami Private Girl's Academy. That's why I know a little."
I just thought it wouldn't hurt to know what kind of school my sister went to.
<Page14>
"It's easy to find information nowadays thanks to the Internet. Although I haven't visited yet."
"I-I see. My apologies.
I was just thinking..."
<Page15>
Yeah. Due to the nature of Asagami Private Girl's Academy, there are many beautiful students and noble ladies.
It is also said that the 'Invitation Ticket for Relatives', which allows non-students to enter the cultural festival, is worth its weight in gold.
All this trivial information, I got from Arihiko.