<Page1>
"What is... this place...?"
A voice echoes in the darkness.
The damp air. The eye-watering smell of something rotten. A darkness in which she can't see more than an inch ahead. All of it melts her intellect.
<Page2>
"What the hell is this place...?"
The girl can't remember what happened a few minutes ago.
She can't even remember where she was.
<Page3>
The girl vaguely remembers hearing the voices of men.
She also remembers going down of her own free will.
She also feels like she used an elevator.
On the way down, she realized that this was not some joke of an urban legend, but a truth about this city that she really shouldn't get involved in, and started pressing the stop button desperately.
<Page4>
"Where the hell am I―――?!"
But that's already in the past.
Time is irreversible for humans. It is asymmetric. As long as there is no symmetry, there is no way to go back to the past from the present.
<Page5>
That's how it is.
Before she knew it, she was in the middle of hell.
<Page6>
"Ah... ah, ah, ah...!"
Frightened by the darkness, she puts her hands on the wall. Rotten juices stick to her fingers. It smells of blood. Soft. Knowing that it's the remains of human entrails splattered all over the place, she crawls her fingers forward, crying.
Because if she doesn't, she won't be able to move on.
She can't move toward the darkness.
She can't escape the sound of footsteps that have been following her for a while now.
<Page7>
"No, no, no, no, no...!"
There is nothing she can do but scrunch her face tight and walk on, her hand raking over the viscera.
"Hee...!"
Every time she moves forward, she hears a scream from within the walls, like metal grinding together.
<Page8>
"Aah, aaaah, aaaaaahaah!"
"Are you human? Hey, don't go! Don't leave me...!"
"Mommy... mommy..."
"Let me out, let me out, let me out, let me out!"
<Page9>
"Hii...aaaaaaaa, haaaaaaaaaahh!"
She can't believe the voices come from members of her own species.
It's a scream that seems to rupture their throats and lungs. They continue to raise their voices without any concern for the <damage|p a i n   > it causes. // Extra spaces in the ruby here are intentional, it aligs the text properly
<Page10>
But their bodies are beyond help.
Without limbs, they hang from the ceiling like bagworm moths.
<Page11>
"No, no, I don't want to die, I don't want to die...!"
She ignores the pleas of the things that are already done for and runs away.
Light. A lamp. More than anything else, she needed a light. Because with that, she would be able to escape.
<Page12>
The male guides said that there was a goal in the midst of their laughter.
In that case, there must be a way out.
That is the only path to survival. Even though she's aware that this is a lie, her remaining sanity continues to cling to that hope.
<Page13>
"Light... light, light, light...!"
She turns her head back frequently.
Then it occurs to her that she didn't come alone.
I must have come with my lover. That stupid man had brought this up. That's why I said I'd give it a try, just for fun. It's all his fault. I hope he dies. I hope he dies soon. Let him die before me. And then I'll be alive. I'm the only one who's gonna make it. Because I'm special.
I've done nothing wrong. There's no reason for this to happen to me. This kind of thing is reserved for people who are dumber and more vulgar than me, or more fortunate and lucky than me. It's got nothing to do with me. I'm not involved. I've lived virtuously. I've lived a pretty normal life so far. I'm gonna continue to live a pretty normal life. So it should be someone else who has to go through this...
<Page14>
"Huh...?#"
The dim light vanishes. Darkness fills the room.
And in it,
she sees herself burning.
<Page15>
"What's this... my hands are crumbling like ashes."
The arm she had stretched out against the wall has already ceased to exist below the elbow.
She looks down at her body in a panic; her clothes have long since been burned, her skin is charred, her internal organs and flesh exposed.
The fats in her flesh are burning red, so red that it's hard to look at.
<Page16>
'Thank goodness', she says as she laughs.
After all,
she finally has a light.
<Page17>
"Aha... I'm on fire... this is amazing!
Look, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, ahahahahahaha!"
An anatomical model of a human laughing loudly.
A human torch illuminating the darkness.
And then,
a single, piercing blow of mercy.
<Page18>
"Sa...sa...sa......sa...sa...sav...save me―――"
She burns up, spewing out boiling blood.
As if to savor that warmth, he drinks down the fresh blood.
<Page19>
Hell reverts back to its original darkness.
He finishes his minimal meal and crosses the hell that is absent of its master.
Behind him are countless corpses.
The people who wandered into the cemetery and the dead who used to inhabit it are all equally reduced to ashes by that river of flame.
<Page20>
"―――It's cold here."
<Page21>
Even his exhaled breath forms smoke.
Leaving behind a red trail like a slug, he heads toward the surface at a slow pace.
"―――The heart of the True Ancestor, shall be mine."
// This line intentionally left blank
All in order to hunt down the mouth-watering prey that his servants had just discovered.
