<Page1>
"Oh, that's right, Akiha.
What's going on with our mansion now?"
"What do you mean by 'what's going on'?
If it is a matter of ownership, it would appear that I will inherit it eventually."
<Page2>
Are the assets of the Tohno family being kept by a guardian until Akiha becomes an adult?
That arrangement has nothing to do with me, so I'll set that topic aside.
<Page3>
"No, I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about the situation in this mansion.
The only ones living here at the moment are me, you, Kohaku-san, and Hisui, right?
I'm just wondering which rooms are actually being used, that sort of thing."
<Page4>
"As a general rule, all rooms except ours are locked.
Your room is at the south end of the second floor of the west wing.
My room is at the north end of the second floor of the east wing.
Hisui's room is in the middle of the second floor of the west wing.
Kohaku's room is at the north end of the first floor of the west wing."
<Page5>
"The playroom and guest rooms on the second floor are closed, but they will be opened if you want to bring your friends over.
Our father's study... is locked up tight because there are still important documents inside. Even you are not allowed to enter, Nii-san, so please bear that in mind."
<Page6>
"I see. So basically we're using the west wing.
The east wing is used for the office, your room, and so on..."
To an ordinary person, the amount of space in this sprawling mansion would be terrifying.
<Page7>
"Nii-san?"
"How should I put this... This is like a high-class space where you have to make an appointment beforehand. I get it."
<Page8>
"...I do not much care for the phrasing, but for the most part it is as you say.
All that is left is... right. The annex and the botanical garden are also closed, though they were open when you were here in the past.
They have not been properly tended to for some time."
<Page9>
The annex was for lodging guests from overseas, and the botanical garden was built by Makihisa while he was a student.
Before he took over as the head of the family, Tohno Makihisa was devoted to agricultural science, especially thremmatology. The botanical garden is said to be a remnant of that time.
<Page10>
"You mean you've closed all the outdoor facilities?
Oh. Then what about the pool?"
"The pool is an exception. It is only closed because it is autumn, once the season becomes more amenable I will bring in a contractor to reopen it."
<Page11>
That's good to hear.
I wasn't allowed to use it as a child, but the next summer vacation is going to be fun.