<Page1>
"Ah...."
Just as expected. Arcuied looks shocked, as is if she has only now considered the possibility.
<Page2>
"I guess you're right, now that you mention it.
I wonder why. For some reason, I felt like I could trust you when we talked in the back alley."
"――――――"
...well, it's not like that's bad or anything.
<Page3>
"...I see. If you really trust me that much, then I'll also make an effort. All I have to do now is keep an eye out, right?"
<Page4>
"Yeah. At least until the sun comes up.
I won't be leaving this room, so I want you to be on guard against anyone that comes to this floor."
<Page5>
"...right."
You say 'on guard', but it's not as though I'll be much use if something like the black panther from this morning appears.
I'm painfully aware that this sort of responsibility is well beyond my capabilities, and simply saying 'roger that' isn't going to suddenly make me fit for guard duty.
<Page6>
...let's step back a second and examine what we know before going any further.
We need to have some way of dealing with things like the black panther or the burning corpses, but I still don't know very much about Arcueid or her enemies.
<Page7>
"I'd like to confirm something, Arcueid.
Those things that attacked us in the alleyway, were they sent by your enemy?"
<Page8>
"I wouldn't say they were 'sent' by him so much as 'on patrol'.
I'm guessing their role was to follow a certain route in order to monitor the city. Since we were chatting in a location along their patrol route, it seems the end result is that my presence has been discovered."
<Page9>
"When you say 'discovered', you mean by your enemy?"
"Yes. If I'd been in perfect condition this would have saved me a lot of trouble, but with things as they are I'm the one that's vulnerable.
That's why we ran all the way here. If they attack me before I regain my strength, there would be nothing I can do."
<Page10>
So in other words, Arcueid's enemy, the serial killer wrecking havoc in the city―――is another vampire just like her.
Based on this conversation, it sounds like these vampires are searching for each other's whereabouts.
<Page11>
However, their positions are not the same.
That's because right now, Arcueid has become fatally weak.
<Page12>
"Plus, this enemy has subordinates to do their dirty work for them, but you on the other hand have no one to rely on, is that right?"
'Hmph', grumbles Arcueid as she scowls in dissatisfaction.
<Page13>
Judging from her lack of reply, I guess she really is alone...
Well, I guess it's better for me that way―――
<Page14>
"You said earlier that each vampire has their own individual differences. That's what we were talking about right?
In that case, how would you describe the sort of vampire that has many allies?"
<Page15>
"...that's...
...hmm, how can I explain this simply..."
<Page16>
Arcueid's eyes cast around the room as she tries to think of something.//Weird JP phrase - see https://oshiete.goo.ne.jp/qa/9805870.html
It seems like she is not used to talking with people like this.
<Page17>
"It's fine, just give me the complicated version. Anything you can tell me would be useful, so just say what's on your mind.
I don't know what's going on, but I'll try to figure it out as best as I can."
<Page18>
"Really? Thanks a lot, Shiki."
"Right, sure. No need for thanks so please continue."
'Okay', murmurs Arcueid as she nods meekly.
<Page19>
"When it comes to vampires with many allies there are several different types, but the Dead Apostle that lurks in this city is a more traditional class of vampire."
<Page20>
"To use the Church's terminology, it would be a 'Castle Lord' vampire.
These 'Castle Lords' invade towns and villages through a series of stages.
<Page21>
"For starters, we have Stage 1.
The vampire first finds humans with superior abilities and turns them into servants by sucking their blood.
Humans that have their blood sucked by the vampire die and become puppets of the 'Castle Lord', but they still retain the personality they had when they were human.
In other words, a 'Corpse with a personality'. Ranked against the other Dead Apostles, these undead are the third lowest tier, about equal to an Upper Mage."
<Page22>
Great. I can't follow any of this at all...#!
But at the very least, this clears up my drowsiness.
I'm just going to skip over the words I don't understand and ask about the parts that I do.
<Page23>
"...A 'Corpse with a personality'... does that mean it's a vampire that's still human?#"
"Perhaps it's better to call it a Rank III vampire.
Although it's body has surpassed that of a human, think of it as a commander for the worker ants that are unable to reproduce."
<Page24>
"Then what about those things that appeared in the alleyway...?"
"Those things are one rank below. A Rank II 'Ghoul'.
Vampires that are unable to mimic humans, and are workers that simply do as they're told."
<Page25>
Arcuied seems to have warmed up to the topic, and is illustrating the various ranks of vampire.
...how incredibly versatile, this girl.
<Page26>
"Once the vampire has a certain number of humans as his servants, the 'Castle Lord' then prepares a coffin and goes to sleep.
After all, the 'Castle Lord' can't be active during the day, not to mention that he would stand out just by being active. Thus leaving the supply of food and expansion of power to his servants.
<Page27>
And so, servants that are Rank III and above blend in with society and gradually prey on other humans.
Human flesh and blood are also a source of nutrition for servants, but most of it is sent to the "Castle Lord".
The "Castle Lord" accumulates power as it sleeps in the coffin, eventually turning the entire community into his own flesh and blood.
―――That is the nature of the vampire that lurks in this city."
<Page28>
"At the moment, there aren't so many servants so its power is insignificant. But as the number of victims increase, so does the power of the 'Castle Lord'.
I was hoping to find the coffin and kill it before that happens, but I still have yet to locate the enemy's resting place.
Whether it's found a very clever way to hide, I can't sense its presence at all."
<Page29>
"It would have been easy to deal with if only I could find out where it's sleeping.
This time I had no lead whatsoever, so I had no choice but to walk around the city in the daytime to investigate.
And then, I was attacked by a passing serial killer, which was quite troublesome!"
<Page30>
Her hands makes a sound as she claps them, smiling at me.
It seems that she's making a jab at the murderer in front of her. How uncomfortable.
<Page31>
"...I see. I think I'm starting to get the picture.
So a monster that preys on humans built a nest in this city, and Arcueid is here to exterminate it.
But as she was looking for its hiding place, that's when she was, well, attacked by me. And now because she's weak, she needs to hide until she recovers... did I get that right?"
<Page32>
"Yeah, I guess that about sums it up."
"Then next question. Why would the enemy go through all this trouble in the first place?
Wouldn't it be easier to just do it all by yourself without using a servant?"
<Page33>
"To put it simply, it's because it's weak.
No matter how much supernatural power it has, or how large its scope of existence is, vampires cannot survive on their own.
They have many weaknesses, and can never stay in the spotlight for too long.
So they use humans who are vulnerable, but have fewer weaknesses to gather blood from a safe distance. In other words, risk aversion."
<Page34>
"So they have a lot of weaknesses...what are these weaknesses exactly?"
"Sunlight and magic depletion for the most part. But as for their biggest weakness, I would say...
The vast number of enemies, or something like that."
"The vast amount of enemies...? You mean people like you?"
<Page35>
"I'm an exception. Or should I say, a special case."
Vampires, you see, are hated by humans. Humanity's greatest weapon is their sheer numbers and co-operation, right?
There are also those who hunt down vampires that cause trouble in the world. Humans that focus only on eradicating vampires.
<Page36>
The ones that are especially insidious and tenacious is the heresy hunting of the Holy Church... and amongst other religions, especially in the West. These agents that carry out the will of the Lord proclaim themselves to be 'Executors'.
They are humans who have honed their skills at killing Dead Apostles for hundreds of years. Compared to a lower vampire, these guys are much more of a nuisance."
<Page37>
"That's why vampires have to hide for some time. If they have to deal with them all the time, they won't be able to gather enough blood. And more importantly, they have the risk of being sealed up."
<Page38>
"...."
Heresy hunting...is it like the witch hunts and inquisitions of the medieval times?
They must be specialized against vampires if the vampires have to go into hiding.
However...
<Page39>
"..."Hide for some time"... then does that mean there's no need for them to hide once they collect a lot of blood?"
<Page40>
"That's right. There's no need to hide once they have enough power.
After they deal with the Executors, it would become a festival. The vampire would use the power they accumulated and commit atrocities in that town.
Once they have completely devoured the city, they would then move on to find a new hunting ground."
<Page41>
"If humans want to exterminate vampires, they must be aware of these incidents before they happen. If a vampire incident is already happening, then that town is already rotten from the core.
I'm sorry for putting it like this Shiki, but with this many servants already roaming around, this city is in a situation that cannot be recovered by you humans."
<Page42>
"......"
Arcueid's explanation goes right through my head.
I understand what she's saying.
But accepting it is a whole different story.
<Page43>
Even if she says that it's too late to save our city, I can't just say "Oh, okay" and accept it as it is.
And besides, in the first place―――
<Page44>
"...yeah. As I thought, I can't believe you after all."
"Nngh. What, are you saying that I'm lying to you?"
<Page45>
"No, that's not it. I know that everything you just said is true. You're not the type to lie, right?"
"Of course I'm not. There's no reason for me to lie in the first place."
<Page46>
"Like I said, it's not that I don't believe what you said, it's that I don't understand these so called 'Vampires'.
You keep repeating the word 'Vampire', but it still doesn't make sense.
...I know that you're not a human. That I'm confident of.
But even so, I can't bring myself to recognize that these vampires exist."
<Page47>
"I guess I see where you're coming from.
After all, the vampires that you imagine are completely different to the ones I'm talking about."
<Page48>
"...yeah. That's exactly what I mean."
Rather than me questioning whether vampires really exist or not, it's more that I can't comprehend that these kind of vampires exist.
Even the older type you talked about makes me feel hopeless. I don't even know the difference between you and them."
<Page49>
...that's right.
Without knowing how she is different, I shouldn't be talking with her any longer. I can't blindly trust her with no reason.
I mean, there is a possibility that this person is even more dangerous than that 'Castle Lord' vampire.
<Page50>
"I see... I guess that makes sense from a human's perspective.
They'd both look equally dangerous if you can't tell the difference."
<Page51>
"In that case, allow me to introduce you to yet another special lesson!
This time, we'll talk about the basic foundation of vampires!"
<Page52>
Arcueid holds up her finger with pride out of the blue.
"...I'm okay with that. But what the hell do you mean by 'basic foundation'?"
<Page53>
"You're still a novice after all, so you'll have to start with something that even a kitten won't know, wouldn't you agree?
That's why it's called 'basic foundation'. Don't worry, I'll guide you as your caring senpai."
<Page54>
Who are you calling senpai? ...and besides, you already started with the 'basic foundation'. This girl...
<Page55>
"...sigh. Fine. At the very least, try to keep it short, alright?"
"Leave it to me. I'll try to do my best."
<Page56>
I find it hard to believe an answer like that.
I already said something like this earlier, but it seems that Arcueid is not used to having conversations.
<Page57>
...well, she did call herself a vampire, so maybe she's never had a chance to talk to a human before.
<Page58>
I look at my watch and see that it's just before midnight.
I'm surprised that it have already been that long, but fortunately, I have plenty of time.
