<Page1>
　Two hours after the disappearance of the Vrove Arkhangelis from the earth#Two hours later.
　Traffic restrictions by the Mobile Facilities Command and the shutdown of the press have continued until this time.
<Page2>
　Not only is the investigation of the cave-in not allowed, but even video recording is not allowed. The man in charge is neither a police officer nor a self-defense official.
　He is a blonde-haired, blue-eyed foreigner.
　He was a boy who appeared to be no more than 12 years old.
<Page3>
"Ohhh. I'm not sure what to make of that. In the catacombs of the dead, he is the embodiment of the true ancestor's imagination. Wasn't Japan the most advanced country in Asia?　Since when did it become a medieval country town?
　We haven't had this kind of fuss since 13 years ago, huh?　Hey, are you listening to me, Andor? I'm talking about your country.
<Page4>
"I don't need you to tell me that, kid. They say we're a high-tech nation, but that was 10 years ago, right?　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. Instead of complaining ......, please direct your scolding to the deputy of the jurisdiction."
<Page5>
　The young man dodges the blonde boy's swearing in a familiar manner.
　The crater that became a battlefield spreads out below them.#.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　They are the rescue team dispatched to save lives at the scene of the disaster, and the investigation team dispatched by the local police.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page6>
"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to use our guys, though.
　No matter how much of a gag order you put on them, they'll still leak.
<Page7>
"Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Japanese people are passionate about their work, aren't they?　You have to obey the organization's policy of confidentiality.
　Even if the story gets out, it will remain a rumor. It's no wonder there's a dead body at the accident site.
<Page8>
"I'm sure you'll agree that it's a great idea.　I mean, where were all these bodies?
<Page9>
"I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea. It is natural that the corpse found here is a person who was alive until a while ago, right?
"Gee. I'm sure you'll agree. Can you go through with such a method?
<Page10>
"That's where we'll go. Well, it's a good thing we were in a park. It would explain why there were so many innocent people there.
<Page11>
"Once you've got the reason, you've got the hard work. What do you think our old man is doing all this power for? You only need to hold the top down. It doesn't matter if the bottom or the middle is suspicious. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page12>
"...... Oh, that's so hard. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. In addition to your family background, you are also a spiritual person. Isn't there some kind of playfulness more appropriate for your age?
<Page13>
"There is no such thing. Have you forgotten that kids are basically boring, 30 years old?　I'm not sure what to say, but I'd like to know. Make sure you destroy any evidence that could get you in trouble.
"Hey. I'm happy to do that if my boss says so.
<Page14>
"The ...... thing would be useful if there was a little more tension. What's with the reluctance, Karius? Did you suffer a setback in your youth?
<Page15>
"I'm not sure. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　In addition, after paying back about 30,000 yen to the financial institution last month, it seems to have received an additional loan of about 60,000 yen.
<Page16>
"......... You know enough, don't you? It's a good thing you're on the same page. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. You'll have to work as a team.
"By order of Maoriou-sama, I understand."
<Page17>
"Oh, get along. Well then, let's hear the report.
　Let that useless bitch through.
<Page18>
".................."
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to say. It's the only one that knows the whole story of the incident.
<Page19>
"I'm not sure if you've heard of it, but I'm sure you've heard of it.
　This is the first time we've met face to face, right, Delegate Noel?"
"I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page20>
　It's not surprising that Noel is surprised.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure what to say.
　I'm not sure what to make of that.
　The most important thing to remember is that you need to make sure that you have a good relationship with your family and friends.
<Page21>
　However, Máriou is not his biological son. This is because cardinals are not allowed to have wives.
　In principle, they adopt children, raise them, and make them their own successors.
　It is a meritocracy, not a bloodocracy.
　Those with deeper faith, deeper knowledge, and deeper morals are chosen as the pillars supporting the House of God.
<Page22>
　---.
　Cardinal Laurentius had an open secret.
　He adopted many children and gave them a share of his fortune, but all of his sons had the same face as Cardinal Laurentius.
<Page23>
　A womanizing cardinal. A snob who became a cardinal because of his money and power.
　This is the image that many of the faithful have of Cardinal Laurentius.
<Page24>
　However, priests who know Cardinal Laurentiis know the truth about him. He is a man of faith, thoughtfulness, and humanity. All of which make him worthy of supporting the Church.
　The only flaw in his character is that he loves women.
<Page25>
　In addition to this, there are a number of other things that you can do to make your life easier.
<Page26>
　The surname Vestino was Cardinal Laurentius' maiden name when he still lived in the countryside, and no layman needs to be told how much is expected of the boy who has been given this surname, ahead of his more than 20 adopted ...... or older brothers. It is not.
<Page27>
　He is the treasured son of a powerful man who has hidden himself from the public eye and entered a life of seclusion.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a great way to get the most out of your time and money.
　It's the elite of the elite who are promised a future in their home country.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what's going on in your life.
<Page28>
"But,......, really?
"Anne?　I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.　Are you kidding me? I'm just a kid.
<Page29>
"No, no, not at all. ......!
　But,......, you know, you're a little ...... young for a cardinal's grandson,...... aren't you?
<Page30>
"You can't be too young. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. It's also a great way to get the most out of your money. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page31>
"Ma, Ma Liou, acting priest ......!
　What you just said is that ......!
<Page32>
"It's just a gossip, don't listen to it.
This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. I'm not sure what to do.
　It's not about that, it's about the subject. I didn't make it to the beginning, but I did get to see the end.
<Page33>
"Ah... yes.
　When you say the beginning of the story, where does ...... it start?
<Page34>
"It's a good decision. It's a good decision, Noel the substitute?　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm sure you're not the only one. As soon as I return to the papacy, you'll be fired. You won't be sent to a monastery. You'll be sent to the guillotine.
<Page35>
"Huh?"
　I can't catch up with the sudden pronouncement of death.
　For a few seconds, the woman was struck with fear, as if her own heart had stopped beating.
<Page36>
"Wait, wait ......!
　In the event that you're not sure what you're looking for, you'll be able to find out more about it here.
<Page37>
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your money.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at our own web site.
<Page38>
"I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to say.
　Then what is it? The target of you and that woman's combination is different?
<Page39>
"Yes, that's right, that's right!
　I'm not lying, you can ask the papacy!　You're a deputy priest, can't you do that?
<Page40>
"It's not like that, you idiot. I'm sure you're not the only one. It's extraterritorial. I'm not sure what to do. I just found out that you guys are in town.
<Page41>
"It's a good idea to take a look at the website to see if there is anything you can do to help.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site. This is a great way to make sure that you don't end up with a lot of problems.
<Page42>
"Well,......, then, is that a lie,......?"
"It's not a lie. It's not a lie, it's my honest truth. It's just that I don't have that kind of authority as a kid.
<Page43>
"But it's good to hear it, isn't it?　Let's hear about your true love, shall we? I'm not sure what to make of this.
<Page44>
　I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what's going on in your life.
<Page45>
　Noel's report took about ten minutes.
　Noel's report lasted about ten minutes and was concise, asserting that he was not responsible for the investigation, but that his colleague was.
<Page46>
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
　In other words, that's it. I'm sure you'll be pleased to hear that. It's a good idea. I'm sure you'll be able to help me out.
<Page47>
"A priest substitute ......?　What's that supposed to mean?
<Page48>
"Dumbass, now you know we're all in the same boat.
　I'm on a secret mission. You're a private runaway. It's not good for them to know we're after him, is it?
<Page49>
"You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their lives.
<Page50>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　To be honest, the only people we can move at will are the powers that be in this country. We can't move the Church's actual forces. The only time you'll be able to move them is when it's time to make the final move. Why did you want to have a usable frame until then?
<Page51>
"You mean ...... that for now we are equals?
"Yeah, let's help each other out.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. If you want to have a good life afterwards, you should shake your ass.
　The more you flatter me, the more the old man will remember you. It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for someone as lowly as you, right?
<Page52>
　Although he is a deputy who is allowed privileges in the field, his rank is low in the church.
　As a soldier, you are given some rights and freedoms, but you are deprived of the opportunity to advance in rank.
　Substitutes are expendable goods that go into battle and disappear on the battlefield.
　For Noel, the boy's words were an unbelievable stroke of luck.
<Page53>
　...... But Noel could not be honestly pleased.
　It's an impossible stepping stone to a better career, but such things are just promises.
<Page54>
　First of all, the boy completely looks down on Noel.
　It is the antipathy of a child who is not even half his age to wield power. In addition to this, there are a number of other things that you can do to make your life easier.
　You can find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
<Page55>
"I'm not sure what to say. I'm sure you'll be happy to lick my boots. I'm not sure what to make of that. Are you more of a pig than a dog?
<Page56>
"No, no, not at all.　It's just that I'm not accustomed to the good fortune that has come my way, haha. ......
<Page57>
"I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family and friends. ...... I still can't believe it, but you really beat your ancestor, didn't you?　I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.　After all, he is the first to kill the twenty-seventh ancestor.
<Page58>
"What?　Don't be stupid, turkey.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page59>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　The king of the dead. In the event that you've got a heresy hunt that can be considered one of the greatest for the delegates, the treatment of that girl will not change.
　---But.
<Page60>
"It's not the first time I've heard this.
"---Yes?"
　I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page61>
　The acting priest, who appeared in the Far East, looked down on the crater that had become a battlefield.
"You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
　Including the Forest and the Castle, this is the third one."
　With cold eyes, he mentioned the battle history of the agent who had already disappeared.
<Page62>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I'm sure you'll agree.　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.　Are you back already?"
<Page63>
"'I had Karius send her. We have a meeting in the future.
　I can't speak for the burial agency, but that woman is easy to understand. If you dangle a carrot in her face, she'll run until she dies.
　So, how's it going over there?"
<Page64>
"Oh, there's nothing left.#Nothing left.
　It's a dead man's scripture, a vampire's soul remains?　There are no corpses left, and it seems that the agent has retrieved them.
"I'm not sure what to do. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. Do you have any idea of the hierarchy of the organization?
<Page65>
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
　I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
<Page66>
"I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure it's a good idea.#I'm going to take a look at the town and see how the true ancestors are doing. Don't forget to call me on time.
<Page67>
"What?　I'm sure you'll be fine.　It's my job!
<Page68>
"...... is a deadly piece of shit, Andor. I'm not going to trust you to follow the true ancestors. I'll be dead in a day.
"Hey, kid. ...... take care of me. ......
"I'm not going to be able to replace the frame. I'm not sure what to do. I'll leave it to you when we get more people.
<Page69>
"I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
　I'm sure you'll be able to figure it out.　You're basically just a poor little shit, aren't you, kid?
"I'm not sure what to make of this. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. You can't get killed.
<Page70>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're going to be doing and how you're going to do it.
<Page71>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.