<Page1>
　The clock in the living room read 7:30.
　I can make it just in time if I have half an hour, but will Akiha make it?
　I think it was quite a distance to Asagami College for Girls, but ...... hmm?
<Page2>
"In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the following URL: ...... Shiki-san, Shiki-san ...... Do you hear me ...... Yes, it is you ...... Akiha I'm talking to you, you who are bowing your knees in despair, overwhelmed by the merciless treatment of the ......
"............"
<Page3>
　What is that person doing?
　I'm not sure if you've heard of it, but I have.
<Page4>
"I can hear you ....... What is it, Amber?
"I'm not a servant,......, but I'm not a servant,......, so I'm giving this back to you. ......"
<Page5>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family and friends.
<Page6>
"I'm not sure if that's a good idea.
"I'm sure you'll agree. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I'm sure you'll be glad you did.
　Also, please refrain from using it in the house. Well, the signal is not very good, so even if you want to use it, I don't think you can.
<Page7>
"Amber-san: ......"
　The conscience of the Tono mansion was here.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page8>
"I'm sure you'll agree. I'm not sure what to do.
　If you press the buzzer, I will unlock the door, but it will take me a long time to get to the security office.
　I apologize for the inconvenience, but if you are in a hurry, it would be helpful if you could unlock the main gate here.
<Page9>
　It's a good idea to have a card key for the main gate. ...... The Tono residence has perfect security.
<Page10>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
"I'm not sure what to do. Have a good day, sister."
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page11>
"Is it time for you to go, Shiki-sama?
"I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
　It's half past seven now, and if you run a little on the way you can make it. But thank you for your concern, Jade.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page12>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
"I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
<Page13>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page14>
　Jade sees me off and I leave the grounds of the mansion.
　The Tono mansion is located on the edge of Soya, on high ground away from the station.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with your loved ones, please do not hesitate to contact us.
<Page15>
　It takes about 30 minutes on foot from here to the school, across from the station.
　If we hurry to the school, we can make it in time for the morning HR.
<Page16>
　We walked down the long slope.
　This is the first time I've taken this route to school since I've been taking the train from Arima's house to Soya Station.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page17>
"---- There aren't many of these, my students.
　It seems that few families around here attend Soya High School.
　It is 7:30 in the morning.
　You can find only yourself in school uniform walking down the street.
<Page18>
　Unlike the south exit station yesterday, the north exit station was crowded with commuters.
　It was the usual scene of office workers in suits walking past at a fast pace.
<Page19>
　The disturbing news that has been happening in the past few days seems to have no effect on them.
　Or, even if they are aware of the unsettling atmosphere, is that not a reason to change their daily schedule?
<Page20>
　Either way, there is no change in the city.
　It is said that Arihiko avoids going out at night, but there are not so many people like him who can trust and follow their instincts.
<Page21>
　From the front of the station to the residential area.
　I only see students in school uniforms on the street anymore.
　I look at my cell phone and see that I have five minutes until the school gates close.
　I ran out on the asphalt road surface, careful not to be late.
<Page22>
　Just like I told Jade, it took me about half an hour from the compound to reach the main gate.
　I ran a few times along the way, so if I wanted to take my time getting to school, I could leave the mansion before 7:30.