<Page1>
　...... Today, I immediately made Akiha angry.
　Not to make up for it, but I wanted to ease the distance ...... between us with some light chatting, or rather the spiky wall ...... that I feel so much.
<Page2>
　I'm not sure what to say, but I'm not sure what to do.
　It is not advisable to visit a woman's room without an appointment, even if it is your sister.
<Page3>
"It's a good idea to take a look at your own personal life.
　I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea. ......
<Page4>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　They say that after dinner they relax in the living room, and Akiha may still be there.
<Page5>
"I'm not sure. I'm not sure what to do. I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
"------"
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your time and money.
<Page6>
"I'm not sure what to say. I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
<Page7>
"It's just Saiki. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page8>
"'...... I'm a little surprised. A visit at this hour?"
　I don't respond to sarcasm, I respond with generalizations.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. You should get to know the person first and then figure out how to respond.
<Page9>
"What time is it?　Oh, it's before lights out, isn't it?
　It's one of Makihisa's bad traditions. Before the clock strikes midnight, he dims the lights in the mansion and forces the residents to sleep.
　He loathed the night. No, more accurately, he hated waking up at night.
　This place is a wonderful Western-style building and the history of the land is wonderful, but this rule is just not acceptable.
　The head of the Tono family does not turn away from the night.
<Page10>
"...... So what. It's a much better rule than making noise all night long.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
　I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page11>
"I'm sure you'll agree.　No, thank you. You seem to know your position a little better than I do.
　Even though he was disowned, he defended his father's honor. Mr. Makihisa has a good son.
"I'm asking if it's insane for you to be here at this hour.
"It's not insane. I'm coming home to my own house after a late day's work. ...... Isn't this a very natural part of your daily life?
<Page12>
"------"
　This time I was amused.
　Coming home to your own home...... did this man say that this mansion was his home, this man?
　But yesterday, he said that he was certainly not a relative of the Tono family...
<Page13>
"Excuse me. It was a bit of a hasty reply.
　I'm a stranger. I've been given a room to stay in, but my position is that of a guest of honor. Not yet, anyway."
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page14>
"You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their lives.
　It's a lie to say that I've finished my work. The urban development of Soya is just beginning. There is still a lot of work to be done. I'll be on shifts tonight.
<Page15>
"This is what I was criticizing Makihisa for.
　There is no day or night in modern business. There is no day or night in modern business, and it is a hair-raising policy to wait until morning. If you keep running the company in the mood of the previous era, the people who will take over the company will be annoyed.
<Page16>
　After Saiki Gyojin went out to the corridor.
　It was not long before I heard Amber's voice coming from the lobby. I'm not sure what to make of it.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page17>
".................."
　It was an indescribable bad feeling.
　I'll leave the chit-chat with Akiba for another time.
　Tonight, I decided to be quiet and go back to my room to rest.