<Page1>
　There was no sign of Arihiko in the classroom. It seems that he really came to school yesterday out of the blue.
　He went to his desk, greeting his familiar classmates.
<Page2>
　In the few minutes before HR, he sits in his chair and checks his mobile device.
　This morning's public news report. A bulletin board for the school, spearheaded by the young teachers, and an anonymous bulletin board for the students, created by volunteers.
　There is no thread that catches my eye.
　I look up and see that most of the students in the classroom are spending their time the same way I am.
<Page3>
　The teacher, who is over thirty, says that today's students seem to have "no real friends.
　Of course, that's a misconception and a misperception only of a previous era.
　Dependence on the Internet and dependence on friends in front of you have become equivalent, and no one in my class is getting along with each other.
<Page4>
　School used to be a place where you could only make friends inside the classroom. The connection with the outside was weak.
　It's different now. You can find as many friends as you like. The atmosphere in the classroom doesn't have to be homey. It just needs to not be unpleasant.
<Page5>
　Thanks to the highly developed Internet, the difference in the amount of knowledge we have by age has become less and less.
　Although there is a difference in the amount of things we have accumulated solidly, we seem to have become even in our lives.
<Page6>
　Adults say that there is no enthusiasm, no dreams, and no hope, but that's just the way it is.
　Nowadays, the world is small. Even elementary school students know how deadlocked our society is.
　That's why it's getting harder and harder to dream about the future and to see the world through our own filters.
<Page7>
　That's what sharing knowledge is all about.
　The more the storehouse of knowledge expands, the smaller and smaller the lives of the individuals who browse it become.
<Page8>
　In the past, humans aimed beyond to fill in the unknown.
　Now, there is no need to do so. There is no need to go anywhere.
　People are as free as they can be, but they also have no reason to step out of their narrow boxes.
　I think that's what the depressing sense of stagnation in classrooms, schools, and cities is all about.
<Page9>
　And so on. I've tried to analyze the situation in a big way, but this is just my own feeling.
　Tono Shiki does not feel a sense of entrapment.
　There is no dead end, no sense of fatigue, no dissatisfaction with society.
<Page10>
　All I have is the obvious desire to enjoy every day as much as possible.
　It would be a misunderstanding for such a simple person to talk about a society that has become complicated.
<Page11>
　While I was pondering, the HR bell rang.
　The students, who had been chatting in their seats, returned to their seats.
　I put away my mobile device and change my mind.
　It's the second day back at the Tono house, and school has begun.