<Page1>
A block of ice slides through the air.
The ice turns into spears and become bullets that come to shoot me in the head.
―――Should I avoid them or take them on?
Do I continue to hide it or do I cast away my only weapon?
I subconsciously make that decision.
<Page2>
"―――!"
A headache strains my brain.
I focus my sight on the deadly weapon from within my completely focused state.
If those lines represent the 'death of existence',
then I will kill the spear's form, its inertia and the sub-zero bonds right before my eyes...!
<Page3>
Death grazes against the temples of my forehead.
I connect my knife on the soaring icicles. A man is but a wild beast. We were equipped with such a level of kinetic vision and reflexes a long time ago.
<Page4>
If my body can still move adequately, then a weapon like this is no different than a giant pebble.
However―――
<Page5>
However, this brings an end to my frontal 'surprise attack'.
The man's eyes speaks to me.
They tell me that he saw it.
They tell me that things like reason or logic don't matter. Only that a bastard like me would never step forward from here ever again.
<Page6>
With this, I am completely out of moves.
I wonder to myself if this was really the right time to discard my trump card.
―――It wasn't.
But there was no other way.
The only way to survive was to expose my hand here.
That's why I have to search with all my might for what I can get in return.
<Page7>
"―――!"
I cut it down with the least amount of movement.
Even if there's no way to get close to him, I'll conserve my energy as much as I can.
<Page8>
Two minutes left until I reach my limit.
―――The sense of excitement drives away my fear.
My view of life and death is reversed by my desperate struggle.
<Page9>
"...This is not a miracle.
But neither is this common sense.
What is the meaning behind my thirst passing like water?"
<Page10>
There is a small gap in the icy barrage.
The man concentrates the cold waves flooding out of himself into a single point, creating an even colder vortex.
<Page11>
"...It's a shame, but die.
Don't go around making my heart pound."
The chunks of ice get expelled like a pulley sliding through the frozen atmosphere...!
<Page12>
I slice through murderous bullets.
As long as I'm standing in front of Arcueid, I have no choice but to stop the things that are being fired.
<Page13>
At this range, the ice spears will reach me in 1.5 seconds.
I can maintain this state as long as my body moves.
In the meantime, I'll think of what I can do.
<Page14>
Vlov hasn't taken a single step.
Why is he not moving? If he thinks I'm a threat, then there's no reason to cut corners. If anything, it should be the opposite. I predict that it's not because he doesn't need to move due to having projectiles, but rather that he can't move when he's in that state.
<Page15>
He was driven into a corner by Arcueid and ran out of fuel in the form of blood. That cold air must have been a final self-defense mechanism of a monster on the verge of death.
<Page16>
It's a wild theory. But the logic makes sense.
The immobilized Vlov protects himself by deploying a curse in all directions.
Regardless of whether it's hot or cold, any living thing that comes close to him will die.
<Page17>
You would freeze to death if you get within 10 meters of him.
At this rate, I'll eventually fall as well. It's the same as when a person is lost in the snow and falls asleep. In the case of humans, when their body temperature is below 34 degrees Celsius or above 43 degrees Celsius, their brain cells shut down and cause them to become unconscious.
<Page18>
I observe the entire surroundings and not just the individual.
Without interrupting my thoughts, I let the knife slide automatically the moment I see it.
<Page19>
―――During the process, I revise the conjecture that I had made earlier.
That cold wave is spreading in all directions.
But is the density really as uniform as I thought?
<Page20>
The fact that the floor is the coldest means that there is a difference in temperature even within the cold wave. There is the matter of whether it is strong or weak, but more than that, there is a weakness.
It may protect him from all directions, but that doesn't mean it makes him invincible all around―――
<Page21>
"...So you protect your master in the brink of death. How brave, but futile."
The long lance that struck down Arcueid gets picked up from the shadows once again.
Perhaps that was him being spurred, because behind him, a remarkably large ice tree sprouts its branches―――
"―――Now. I'll release, in great numbers...!"
<Page22>
I break my train of thought and pour all my focus on intercepting the attack.
This is impossible. I can't kill them all.
There is always a bullet somewhere. ―――I won't allow it.
I can't be so naive.
I can't even blame it on someone else.
If I bleed out, then that will be the end. The cold air will not spare even a single minute before coming to take my life.
That is why I must kill. That is why I must struggle.
I completely renew my consciousness and look down only at the 'line'.
<Page23>
The total number of prey deployed is twenty-six.
I continue to stare as I develop a projection on what I can cut first and what I can avoid.
―――Within that gap, I can see it clearly.
The place of death greater than a line.
That spot must be the ultimate point of death that gives birth to the lines.
<Page24>
"―――, Kh."
The wall of death looms before me.
But I saw it. Just now, I saw the exact same thing that I've seen before.
In the same way that I'm going to die here,
there is a chance that he can die here as well...!
"AAAAAAAAAAAHHH!"
<Page25>
But I've come to a conclusion.
I, Tohno Shiki, no longer have a means of survival.
The ice spears cut into the flesh of my right flank and my left thigh.
My body is being drained of its heat from the source of the wounds.
The ligaments scream from the repetition of sudden braking movements.
The cells are also being destroyed due to the ultra-low temperature.
My fingertips grow numb. My limbs do not move as I intended.
<Page26>
"―――, Ha―――"
An inevitable predicament.
A losing battle with no chance of victory.
A situation where I will die in a minute no matter what.
Neither Vlov, Arcueid, or whoever else that happened to watch this mess unfold will doubt my inevitable death.
And above all, I have no hopes of survival myself.
And yet―――
<Page27>
"Ha――――――a"
An animalistic urge sprouts from deep within.
Why am I smiling, #at a time like this?
<Page28>
"Kya!?"
The spear of ice strikes Arcueid in the face.
Damn. I didn't even consider where Arcueid was located behind me.
<Page29>
Although it didn't pierce her, Arcueid rubs her face with one hand.
How is she unhurt after taking a direct hit to the face? This woman.
<Page30>
"Ow...!"
I knew that she was a ridiculous creature, but once again, I am amazed.
Arcueid plunges one hand into the ground and lifts a chunk of the earth like she was scooping it up with a shovel.
<Page31>
She then aims the bedrock at Vlov and throws it as if to say it doesn't hurt at all.
<Page32>
The huge lance crushes the bedrock thrown by Arcueid.
Vlov is unharmed.
As expected, you can't kill him with such a simple attack.
―――However.
With Arcueid's counterattack, the final piece has been placed.
<Page33>
We have already come to a conclusion.
There is only one way to kill him. If I can get close enough before the cold wave stops my body, I can kill him with absolute certainty.
<Page34>
But how?
My legs are too slow to be able to close that distance within two seconds. I need the help of something faster.
If we want to be more certain, I need to invade through the weakest section of his ultra-cold sphere. I cannot simply use my own legs for this.
<Page35>
I will die for sure if I don't do something. I don't have a choice.
It is not a matter of whether I can kill him.
It is a matter of how I can kill him.
<Page36>
I must make my resolve.
If there is any way to get close, it's by...
C:>... Throwing.
C:>... Sliding.
C:>... Towing.