<Page1>
A few hours after the massive fire in front of the station.
At the time of the fire, firefighters on the scene reported that it would take two days to extinguish the fire due to the intensity of the blaze, but the fire slowed down before midnight and was extinguished soon after.
"It went out by itself as though it was a living thing", said a policeman at the scene.
<Page2>
"Traffic restrictions on Route 305 will be lifted by 5:00 tomorrow morning.
The highways have lifted its restrictions some time ago.
We have also completed disposal of all traces of the remaining Dead Apostles that were at the scene.
Shall we head to the Metropolitan Police Department, Mario-sama?"
<Page3>
"I don't want to go, but I have no choice. It's not every day that you get a commotion of this magnitude, even back home.
The old man's name alone won't be enough to settle this. I need to go out and show some good faith every once in a while."
<Page4>
"In that case, allow me to accompany you.
Would you like to delegate command of the scene to the Executors as usual?"
<Page5>
"Ah, you mean those guys that were investigating undercover for whatever reason.
They were a two-man cell, right? Call the lower rank one to my hotel and make her standby. We'll use them if we have to.
Have the burial agency return back to the homeland as soon as possible. If we nudge Seonator a bit, he'll be on the move immediately."
<Page6>
"As you command. I will send a letter of protest to Priest Noi under the name of Laurentis-sama."
"Right. Our work here is almost finished.
It doesn't really matter who's in charge of cleaning up the scene, but...
Hey, Ando!"
<Page7>
"Hey, did you call me, young master?
Man, today is not my lucky day. It'd be far fetched to just ride this off as some kind of gas explosion. Shall we get some terrorist organization to make a statement?"
<Page8>
"No need for that. We'll leave the external affairs to the owner of this area. After all, he'll start boasting if we hit him enough.
Our job is to retrieve the things that are not supposed to be here. We've wiped out most traces of the Dead Apostles, but there's still work to be done with handling the victims. I'll leave it to you."
<Page9>
"Sure, no prob...# wait, hold on, that battalion that you always bring around still hasn't entered this country, right?
Don't tell me it's just me? You want me to check all those dead bodies? And find out if they've been bitten or not?"
<Page10>
"You're not just finding out. If they're alive, send them to the church. If they're dead, kill them again."
<Page11>
"Ack. You didn't want to do that sort of dirty work, so you employed someone like me to do it, didn't you?"
"Be quick. I'll make sure that the morgue is cleared of people. You should be able to finish by dawn."
<Page12>
"Well, it's just a job where I have to pull the trigger on some stationary targets. That is, if I completely ignore the emotional toll, right?"
<Page13>
"Bring the car around, Karius.# We're going to visit the public office."
"Yes, right away.
Are there any other arrangements that need to be made? For a contamination of this scale, I can request for some assistance-"
<Page14>
"That won't be neccessary. Or rather, don't you ever report this. We'll handle this matter right here and now.
We'll be intelligence gathering for a while. But we are on the side of justice, so we can't afford to make any unnecessary casualties.
Who is the enemy and who is in the way―――that's the real question.
<Page15>
[Work in progress]"... I guess we'll just have to run."