<Page1>
"Well, I can understand where you're coming from. 
These flames are definitely a problem, and Vlov himself is powerful enough to be considered worthy of the 'Castle Lord' title.
If I had any knowledge of him at all, I could probably cover some of the difference in strength......."
<Page2>
"Are you telling me that you don't know who he is?" 
Even though you came all the way here to kill that 'Castle Lord'?
<Page3>
"I'm not acquainted with any vampires.
Any time vampires like us meet will always lead to the next moment of us trying to kill each other. Times where vampires part ways after seeing each other like in our case are extremely rare."
"......Hmm. But it seemed like he knew a lot about you." 
<Page4>
"We've never met. I am very well-known amongst vampires, so it just happens that he knew who I was. The same goes for the other vampires. Basically, none of us are particularly well-acquainted.
But we do know each other's names and identities. It's only natural that the more powers they possess and the longer their history, the more their name becomes known, right?" 
<Page5>
"But Vlov is the opposite. He is a newcomer who hasn't even been inscribed yet. I would say that he's only been an Ancestor for around 200 years or so."
<Page6>
"There goes that word again. What do you mean by the word 'Ancestor'?" 
"Hmm, well, it's kind of like the king of vampires, I guess.
It has nothing to do with you, Shiki."
"But it does. This has to do with that 'Castle Lord' guy, right?
The one that's controlling those zombies or something."
<Page7>
"Castle Lords and Ancestors are not necessarily the same.
The more powerful the Dead Apostle is, the easier it is for it to become a Castle Lord, and a Castle Lord is something more like a local ruler. 
Ancestors are above that...... They can produce these Castle Lords, not to mention other higher vampires."
<Page8>
"The world of Dead Apostles are divided into twenty-seven powers. You can think of it as twenty-seven different countries.
Those who rule those countries, or form those countries themselves, are the ancient vampires known as 'Ancestors'. They are the ones who stand on top of the Dead Apostles.
<Page9>
...... Twenty-seven countries. And their kings.
I see. If there are vampires then they would have countries and fight each other over power...... wait.
<Page10>
"Hold on. Then doesn't that make him an extremely powerful opponent!?"
<Page11>
"Well, you could say that. 
Vlov may still be a novice, but that doesn't make him any less of a walking disaster in the eyes of you humans." 
<Page12>
"It's the same in the hotel yesterday. All he did was move from the first floor to the highest floor. He didn't have any intention to kill other humans, none of it mattered in his mind.
But his presence is enough to kill a human. Because that flame is like a curse that is generated through his existence alone."
<Page13>
"Wha―――"
What the hell.
Killing humans just by existing?
Humans don't matter to him?
Then that hotel tragedy... 
"...... Did all of that happen, because we ran to the hotel......?"
<Page14>
"Yes. Vlov came because I was there. 
...... Arcueid confirms it.
Although Vlov was the one that killed those people, we were the ones that called for the disaster to take place.
<Page15>
".........." 
"It would be easy to just blame it all on Arcueid. That would be the right thing to do for a human being. She doesn't give a damn about human life after all. In that respect, she's a monster just like Vlov.
It's just that....... Who was responsible for Arcueid fleeing to that hotel in the first place?
<Page16>
'It's my fault'.....?
Yeah, that's exactly right. 
The people in the hotel getting caught up in the disaster that was Vlov.
Arcueid going through that experience. 
All of the blame lied on me, the one who killed her―――
<Page17>
"Shiki. Don't make the same mistake again. 
It's only natural for the weaker creatures to disappear. 
Their deaths are the fault of the entire human race, which somehow evolved to the point of being unable to defend itself. 
If a person kills another person, that is certainly a crime in human society. But this is a part of natural selection between humans and non-humans. It would be arrogant to think that you are personally responsible." 
<Page18>
"Me? ...... Arrogant......?" 
<Page19>
"Yes. Although it would have been fine if you were a human representative.
Let's take a story in the mountains, for example.
Let's say there was a community of carnivores. Their diet also included humans. Then one day, the humans, who were completely unaware of this fact, came and wiped out all of them for their own purposes.
<Page20>
"In this case, who do you say the blame lies on?
The ones who couldn't defend themselves against the humans? 
Or is it on the humans who massacred them all?" 
<Page21>
"―――That's―――" 
My thoughts of self-loathing come to a stop.
Arcueid's made that analogy not out of concern for me. Rather, it's an expression of disdain.
The place of sin. The weight of life. The hypocrisy of people who cannot help but reflect on these things is being denounced.
<Page22>
...... That's what she was trying to say. 
She said that neither man nor beast is innocent. 
But in this world of nature,
a species that cannot preserve its own life is nothing but absolute evil.
<Page23>
"...... But, over here..." 
This is the society of humans. A city of humans.
I'm not talking about humans being too weak or vampires being too strong. 
<Page24>
A city is a human defense mechanism that protects the individuals in a group because it is difficult to live alone. 
Whether or not I should be responsible for summoning that vampire is something that definitely needs to be questioned―――
<Page25>
"...... Yeah. I guess I was wrong as well. 
You are certainly not the kind of person who can become a killer."
"...... What is that supposed to mean? 
Are you telling me that I'm naive?"
<Page26>
"There's a problem before that. So I want you to be loud and clear. 
Shiki, what are you going to do from now on? 
Are you going to fight that vampire? Or are you going to run away? 
Choose whatever path you want. I won't force you anymore. You fulfilled your promise to watch over me yesterday."
<Page27>
What am I going to do...?
That's obvious―――
<Page28>
"But you have to be prepared. To fight vampires is to step outside the boundaries of humanity.
No matter how many humans are sacrificed, if you can't see it as something that has nothing to do with you, you will surely fail without a doubt.
If you think that's wrong, then go back to the normal life you had before yesterday. Because that's the most correct way for a human to live. 
<Page29>
...... Arcueid's gaze pierces into me.