<Page1>
".....Aaagh ......AAAAAAAAGH!"
With that, the man wake up in a great deal of pain.
<Page2>
Deafening agony.
The sound of clashes like metal in a mixer.
An unearthly scream,
that makes even his followers tremble in fear.
<Page3>
"Aaa―――aaaah, aaaaaaaah―――!"
The pain does not disappear from his consciousness even as he thrashes, flailes, and lashes out at his surroundings.
<Page4>
The skin gets torn from his fingertips.
Acid oozes from the core of his bones, melting his body from the inside out.
His heart becomes necrotic within minutes, and each time it regenerates, the pain appears along with it.
<Page5>
The torture never ends as long as he lives.
His only way to be released is through death.
But even that salvation was lost long ago.
<Page6>
"A―――ah, aa―――h, gh―――"
The man does not remember what it was that made him part ways with death.
He does not remember exactly when death became so far away.
It was simply agonizing. Cold. Painful. Hot. Frightening.
All that remains in his head were those animal-like screams.
<Page7>
The man recalls that came to this land in order to chase something. In order to kill.
He left his beloved mistresses in his territory and crossed the ocean from afar.
This was his last chance.
He made his resolve to take everything back, knowing this was the last chance.
<Page8>
But when exactly did he determine that this was the last chance?
Was it when he lost his sanity with each passing day?
Was it when his body accumulated curses day by day?
Or was it when he swore to make up for the crimes committed in the distant past?
<Page9>
He cannot recall. He has already forgotten so much.
But if he came here for the purpose of regaining his sanity, then it is far too late.
He has lost my mind long ago. He cannot go back to normal after all this time.
When he crossed the ocean, a great number of my accumulated fortunes were washed away. He can no longer return to his homeland. He has no means to survive other than to claim this ground as one of his own.
<Page10>
"Ha―――h, aa, ah, AA――――――!"
It didn't matter. Those kinds of trivial things didn't matter.
The only thing he wants now is blood.
<Page11>
His throat is freezing. His skin is dry. His soul is starving.
He needs warm blood as soon as possible.
He wants to bathe in human blood as soon as possible.
These questions of where he is or what he is doing are nothing when compared to the desires deep in his heart.
<Page12>
Walking through the darkness.
He marches with the dead in tow.
He comes out of the vertically moving box and crawl onto ground above, brimming with light.
At the same time.
The blue flames spread like encroaching water.
<Page13>
There wasn't a <creature|human> that sensed the danger that had dyed the land.
Even as the man shrouded in the blue mist wandered into the crosswalk while ignoring the traffic light and collided with the van.
Even as the ghouls that the man brought along effortlessly grabbed the pedestrians' shoulders, pushed them down and started creating those messy sounds.
<Page14>
Even as the people raised their voice in surprise, none of them ran away in full force.
By the time they realized that it was not just someone else's problem but an anomaly that affected them all, they had already lost their chance to escape.
<Page15>
The van that was supposed to have run over the man was split into two halves from the center upon impact.
The pedestrians who had been pushed down by the ghouls were turned into mere leftovers in a matter of seconds.
The flames that had already spread throughout the area burned the legs of the fleeing people, turning them into nothing but food to crawl on.
It was the beginning of pandemonium.
<Page16>
"―――――― Why."
The man summons a faint sense of reason in the midst of it all.
The dazzling light makes him squint.
His thoughts that were smeared with pain,
begin to spin with exceeding discomfort.
<Page17>
"Why is this city, as bright as it is?
Filth is something that must be hidden.
Is it the custom of this land, to create such a deliberate spectacle?"
<Page18>
An abundance of <fruit|humans> layed before his eyes.
Normally he would rip apart their guts and drain them dry with joy, but that urge did not spring up at all.
The man roars, as if to say "Even if this place is full of humans, can it really be called a fertile land?"
<Page19>
"The humans are plenty. Blood shall not be an issue."
A blue flame overrides the dead.
The ghouls are quickly engulfed by the flames, causing their forms to be transformed.
The blazing dead are driven by flames.
Their abilities improve, but their bodies burn out in a short period of time.
<Page20>
"However, I am not intrigued by the blood of these swine."
The curse continues to get propagated by his visceral disgust.
Blue flames that burn nothing but life fill the asphalt road.
A sea of flame gushes forth and begins to flow.
<Page21>
"It's all meaningless in the end."
The man crushes the fruit that had been seared by the flames and accepts the gushing blood with shame.
Although it is the equivalent of being bathed in vomit, it can't be helped.
The man curses at his own misfortune of not being able to move without bathing himself in such vomit.
"All this radiance, and all this prosperity, mean nothing to me."
<Page22>
The man continues his march, bringing along the burning and crumbling corpses with him.
He does not remember what he was going after,
but until he does, there was only one thing left for him to do.
He comes to the realization that this endeavour was very worthwhile.
"Suffer and die", he laughs.
A gluttonous city like this deserves nothing but an unsightly end.