<Page1>
Maybe I should take a walk in the garden.
I haven't been there ever since I came back to the mansion.
I should go and see how things have changed since seven years ago.
From here, I should be able to get to the courtyard from the doorway behind the grand staircase.
<Page2>
I go out to the terrace.
There's even a backyard of the living room here.
<Page3>
When we were little, this used to be the place where Akiha stayed when the weather was nice.
No, perhaps it was more like a place of work.
Akiha never went out to the garden by herself, and this terrace was as far as she could go.
<Page4>
"...That's right. I used to often call out to her from the garden and attract her tutor's attention."
<Page5>
I think I remember her tutor telling us to stay here whenever we wanted to go out and play.
They said that it would be unfair for us to go to the forest by ourselves, or something along those lines.
But in the end, I took Akiha out to the forest and got scolded as a result.
<Page6>
I go out of the terrace and into the garden.
The garden looked endless in the eyes of a child, but now that I have a better perspective, I can come to grasp the scenery in all its entirety.
The number of flowers is lower compared to seven years ago, but the garden's atmosphere still remains the same.
<Page7>
After walking leisurely for about 10 minutes, I arrive at the gazebo.
This marks the end of the garden.
The only thing that lies beyond this point is a forest densely covered with trees.
Since I still have a leg injury today, I decide to end my stroll here.
<Page8>
"All things considered, this mansion is far different from a Japanese style, huh."
I sit down on a rock and gaze over the vast autumn garden.
<Page9>
From this view, the mansion looks more like a castle than a western-style house. It most definitely is a spectacular view, but for me, it's so disproportionate that I can only give out a bitter smile.
As far as I can tell, the only ones that fits this scenery is Akiha and―――
<Page10>
"Someone like her, I guess."
I can't think of anyone but that stunningly gorgeous woman.
<Page11>
"―――Wait, what am I saying?"
I shake my head vigorously and brush off my crazy delusions.
<Page12>
I don't know why I'm thinking about Arcueid here.
Besides, I'm not going to see her ever again.
There is no reaseon for her to stay in this city after accomplishing her goal of killing that vampire.
That's why―――there's no point in thinking about her anymore at a time like this.
<Page13>
"...That's right.
We've always had that kind of relationship, so it's no big deal. In fact, now that I know I don't have to do such crazy things anymore, I feel kind of refre―――"
<Page14>
I close my mouth before I could finish my sentence.
Muttering out such a mediocre lie would only end in futile.
...Well, it is a relief to be rid of her, but whether it's a good thing or not is an enitrely different matter.
<Page15>
After all, there are still feelings that remain even now.
Regret, lingering attachment, and so forth.
She was a girl who brought nothing but trouble, but even so, it was... well, a little fun to be together with her.
<Page16>
"...Geez, I really am an idiot."
How can I call it attachment when I was almost killed once?
The wound from last night still remains on my leg.
I remember how Vlov was almost able to kill me.
I don't want to go through something like that ever again.
<Page17>
I breathe out a sigh and leave behind the gazebo.
On the way back, I take a walk in the courtyard to pass the time.
...But even as the sun goes down, this unknown feeling of lingering attachment,
would not be vanished so easily.