<Page1>
The afternoon of my day off passed without any incident.
Since then, I went back to my room to relax, and before I knew it, it was time for dinner.
<Page2>
"...Come on. Just hurry up and forget about her already..."
I shake off the blonde woman that is stuck inside my head.
People say that the sun sets quickly in autumn, but even so, it was far too quick.
...It seems that I was indulged in worthless thoughts so much that I lost my sense of time.
<Page3>
In the dining room with me is Akiha, along with Kohaku-san behind her and Hisui behind me.
<Page4>
The dinner prepared by Kohaku-san was a series of courses with wagyu beef being the main dish.
Perhaps it was the manners of the Tohno residence, but Akiha didn't utter a single word as she brought the main course to her mouth with a dignified look on her face.
<Page5>
It was about an hour ago when Akiha returned.
Apparently, there was an unexpected problem that occured which she had to deal with.
<Page6>
"...Hisui. I just want to be sure, but was there a rule that forbade us to speak during dinner?"
I ask Hisui in a whisper, trying not to be heard by Akiha.
<Page7>
"...No. All members of the family were free to talk amongst themselves."
"...So does that mean Akiha's silence is simply because she's in a bad mood?"
<Page8>
"...My deepest apologies. It is difficult for me to say... This is purely speculation, but perhaps it could be the case that Akiha-sama is simply fatigued."
"...I see. I guess you're right. She's usually in a bad mood, but today it's particularly bad. I really have to applaud her hard work."
<Page9>
I nod earnestly and sympathize with her.
It's not my place to say, but if there's one thing I can do for my worn-out sister whose day off has been cut short by an unplanned event, it would be to give her a good night's rest. I wouldn't dare to bring up the matter. Otherwise, I would be disturbing Akiha.
<Page10>
"I heard you, Nii-san.
It's not that I'm tired from the inspection this afternoon. It is simply part of this family's manners to eat in silence."
<Page11>
Akiha glares at me.
It's terrifying to me that she understood everything that we said down to its contents as if it was natural to do so. Her ears must be real sharp.
<Page12>
"...Then again, that is a thing of the past.
If you really need to talk, or have something you want to discuss regarding today and such, then there is no problem at all."
<Page13>
I nod my head in understanding and resume eating.
Perhaps it was because I had eaten less breakfast and lunch, but it seems like my appetite had come back in the evening.
...But with that being said, tonight's menu is rather sore to my eyes.
It wasn't only the beef fillet and foie gras, but also the bright red sauce that reminded me of blood, which inevitably made me think back to the events of yesterday.
<Page14>
The sudden murders. The unlikely reunion. The unbelievable monster.
The sensation of death as I stretch my fingers to the back of the body full of death.
And then―――the inevitable farewell that happened once we defeated the vampire.
"......"
...How pathetic. To think that my fever still hasn't cooled down even after putting away such trivial thoughts.
<Page15>
"―――And?
How did my Nii-san who worried so tiredlessly about my work life spend his afternnon?"
"Huh? O-Oh, you mean me. I went for a walk in the afternoon, came back to my room and spent the rest of the day lying down on the bed."
<Page16>
"Is that... well, your anemia acting up again?"
"No, I was just thinking a lot and it turned to night before I knew it. Besides, my condition isn't bad, and my legs are getting better as well."
<Page17>
"So in other words, you wasted your time doing nothing, correct?
...Sigh. Please do not speak of such trivial matters so brazenly. I do not think anything of it personally, but you would become a laughingstock if anyone else were to hear what you just said."
<Page18>
They were the thoughts of Akiha that left no room for lenciency or rebuttal.
But be that as it may,
<Page19>
"You're right in that my words can be taken as being undisciplined.
Or rather, it's undisciplined. That, I'll admit.
But even so, why don't you think anything of it?"
Could it be that she just puts up a strong appearance and is actually generous to her immediate family?
<Page20>
"Why don't I think anything? Isn't that obvious?
That is because I do not expect anything coming out of you.
I have been fully aware of what kind of person you are from the very beginning."
<Page21>
"......"
Well, she does bring up a good point.
It's only reasonable to not be disappointed if you never had hope in the first place.
So this is the meaning of being lost for words.
<Page22>
"Man, that was a great meal."
"Thanks for the meal. I have lessons to attend to after dinner, so I must take my leave. #Nii-san? If you truly feel sorry, I suggest that you return to your room early tonight and focus on your studies."
<Page23>
Akiha gets up from her seat and leaves the dining room.
I believe the lesson that was scheduled for the evening was violin practice... I feel like I'm losing from how high her specs are due to my inferiority complex.
<Page24>
"Shiki-san, fight...! Don't let Akiha-sama beat you!"
The mischievous housekeeper waves her hand in support as she follows Akiha out of the room.
<Page25>
After dinner, I take an early bath and come back to my room.
I sit down at the study desk that was provided.
As Akiha suggested, I spread out my reference books to payback for the daytime I spent in self-indulgence.
<Page26>
No matter how many unrealistic incidents I've gone through, in the end, I'm still a second year high school student. I have a huge pile of work to do.
<Page27>
"...Well, I do have a pile of work to do."
However, no matter how hard I try, I'm unable to concentrate.
The only thing that comes to my mind,
is the picture of the woman that no longer needs me and needs to be forgotten.
<Page28>
"Ah man, today's not my day!"
I give up and lie down on my bed, staring at the ceiling aimlessly.
<Page29>
...It's okay. This will only last for tonight.
In any case, it's been a turbulent past couple of days for better or worse.
It would be crazy to forget about it so easily.
I guess I need a day to cool down.
<Page30>
I'll stay like this, doing nothing and drifting in and out of my consciousness.
I'll waste away my time aimlessly, as if to keep the memories distant and dampen my feelings.
...If I do that, I'm sure the things that happened will become a thing of the past.
<Page31>
"...Ah..."
Eventually, my eye lids begin to close.
My consciousness slowly fades.
An unbearable darkness envelops all my senses.
<Page32>
...And so, the day that went by so peacefully comes to an end.
As if to deceive myself, I continue to lie in bed, falling into a deep sleep.