<Page1>
I should take a tour around the mansion.
I don't think much has changed since seven years ago, but I may be able to discover something new now that I'm more grown up.
<Page2>
―――Now then.
I come to a conclusion after looking around the mansion for about an hour.
<Page3>
"Aren't there way too many areas that are off-limits?"
I ask out loud as if looking for agreement even though there was noone around me.
<Page4>
The main building of the Tohno Residence is as large as hotel, and just like a hotel, it has many rooms that are off-limits to unauthorized personnel.
<Page5>
The second floor of the east wing was incredible in particular.
Not 'awful', but 'incredible'.
Somehow, you could feel some sort of pressure there.
The other rooms in the mansion couldn't be entered because they were locked, but the second floor of the east wing was not closed off by doors or keys.
And yet when I try to step inside, I feel a sense of dizziness and the corridor looks like its being shaken.
<Page6>
"If you enter without permission, I will definitely kill you.
That's the kind of strong feeling that I get..."
<Page7>
That feeling comes mainly from Akiha.
Maybe it was just paranoia, no, maybe I was just being overly cautious, but with that being said, I felt that my social life was in danger, so I didn't enter the second floor of the east wing.
<Page8>
"Yes, that was the right choice.
One should not simply enter the living space of the head of the family. Even if you are part of the family.
That's the way it's always been, right, Shiki-kun?"
<Page9>
"―――"
My heart jumps at the person speaking to me from behind.
As I turn around, I see that it's...
<Page10>
"Have you finished exploring the mansion? As for me, I would have preferred those who have returned to quietly spend their time in their rooms."
"I appreciate the concern. Likewise, I wouldn't want strangers to be walking around the vicinity of the house either."
<Page11>
"The only stranger that's around here is you. Well, let's put that aside. We're in no position to meddle with the affairs of the other. It's a tricky situation.
Today is―――that's right.
It seems that I was also out of my mind. I saw your back and it reminded me of the old times. That's why I called out to you."
<Page12>
"...You looked at me... and remembered the old days...?"
...Could it be....
<Page13>
"Yeah. It was back when Makihisa-san was still in perfect health.
Although he tended to confine himself in his room for the past few years, he was originally a person that was very fond of plants. And like this, he used to walk around the mansion."
<Page14>
"Did I ever mention to you that Makihisa-san had a deep knowledge of plants?
I also used to dabble on them for a bit. Together, we used to go to the botanical garden and talk about them."
"The botanical garden... but that place seems to be locked very tight."
<Page15>
"For the entrance, that is. The back door can be opened very easily with a key.
Perhaps it was Miss Kohaku that has it? Thankfully, it seems that she still takes care of the garden at the very least."
<Page16>
"......"
That's a little surprising.
For Saiki to be addressing Kohaku-san with the title of 'Miss'.
Isn't he the type of person who would look down on someone just because they're a servant...?
<Page17>
"Are you close with Kohaku-san by any chance?"
"Me? With that maid? ...Hah.
Haha. Hahaha. #HAHAHAHAHA!"
<Page18>
The man chuckles with sarcasm and then begins to laugh in earnest.
I don't need to ask him what was so funny.
...Saiki Gotou is laughing at the ridiculousness of the person in front of him.
<Page19>
"..Did I say something funny just now?"
"Oh, no, excuse me.
Yeah, that was poor of me just now. After all, it wasn't your fault. It was simply a bad question, that's all."
<Page20>
"I am not as close to Miss Kohaku as you described. It was only after Akiha became the head of the family that I started talking to her.
Miss Kohaku also happened to be Akiha's secretary. Thus, there was more room for conversation as a result.
But if I had to choose, I would have to say that I'm more well acquainted with Miss Hisui."
<Page21>
"Eh?"
And yet another surprise.
You're telling me that this shady looking person that is Saiki Gotou... is well acquainted with Hisui...?
<Page22>
"Although that was a from a long time ago.
I haven't spoken to her at all in the past few years. But we do still have the occasional greeting.
Well then. It seems that I've also spent too much time in the sun. I cannot allow my skin to itch like this."
<Page23>
As Saiki Goto raises one hand in the air, a vehicle waiting in the parking lot rolls up at the rotary in front of the entrance.
This must be the end of our conversation.
<Page24>
"Ah, I forgot to ask an important question.
How is it, coming back to the mansion for the first time in seven years?"
"It was nothing that surprising. It was only the first floor that matched by childhood memories after all."
<Page25>
I respond to Saiki Gotou, the gentleman wrapped completely in bandages.
"What an uninteresting thing to say.
...However, you're right. Even if you come back from the past, there is no such thing as a misleading reality."
<Page26>
After saying what he wanted to say, Saiki Goto leaves the Tohno residence.
He's been visiting the Tohno residence quite often, but I wonder if he has a residence of his own in Souya.
<Page27>
"...I should try to press him on that next time..."
There is no doubt that Saiki sees me as an enemy, or even as a hinderance.
Know your enemy and you shall not fear a hundred battles.
If I want to defend myself, I need to know a little bit of information about him as well.
<Page28>
"Well, leaving that stuff aside."
I don't want to end my precious day off with the feelings I'm having right now.
I regain my composure and resume my exploration of the mansion.
This time... right. Let's go to the courtyard.