<Page1>
"I'm not sure what to say.
　While being attacked by a tremendous nausea, I managed to hold on to both feet.
<Page2>
"............!"
　It's a great way to get the most out of your day.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page3>
"--- came out ......?
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
"This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page4>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your day.
<Page5>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
　That wasn't my memory, and it wasn't a dream.
　It's her memory of Noelle.
<Page6>
　In reality, it was probably only a few minutes.
　But in the dream, for more than six days, I was Noelle, and I was given a taste of her past.
<Page7>
"Oh, I see. She wasn't just a human.
　Now Shiki-kun is half a vampire, he survives even if he's about to die, right?
　---It's really no wonder you're so filthy. I thought I could kill Roa's spirit "in a dream".
<Page8>
　Something in the corner of my brain refutes the voice echoing from above my head.
　I'm sure you'll agree. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. It's just this level of harassment with a tweak.
<Page9>
"But it seems that the person couldn't stand it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　His mind died when he was taken over by Roa, and his body died when he was killed by True Ancestor. I taught them how each of them died. By now, you're all alone in your memories. I wonder if I'll ever wake up again?"
<Page10>
"Senior Ciel, ......!"
　I ignore Noel's voice and call out my senior's name.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time and money.
<Page11>
"It's useless. The only one who has escaped from my demon eye on his own is you.
　It won't wake up anymore. Because his heart is dead!
　A great sinner who couldn't bear the sins he was shown and refused to awaken. It's a cowardly and vile meat puppet!
<Page12>
"''Senior, senior Ciel, ......!''
　I call out his name without giving up.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　Because every time you call out, your body reacts slightly.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your home.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your investment.
<Page13>
"You're a hard man to give up.
Oh, so you were able to come out of this alive because of your bad luck?
　But it's a futile effort. No matter what, you can't be saved. You'll never hear me beg for your life, and you'll never get away with it.
　You're going to die here, and you're going to die in a way that's more painful and more horrible and more funny than any death in your dreams.
<Page14>
"Oh. But first, I have to ask.
　This is a rare, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
<Page15>
"So, what did you think of my dream?　Was it too dense and exciting?　Was it too cute and lustful?　Did it intoxicate you to the point of addiction?
　I mean, do you realize how bad it was and how right I was?　Do you want to apologize from the bottom of your heart and let me kill you both? ......!
<Page16>
"------"
　The vampire laughs with amusement.
　A lot of the dead surround us in a circle.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea.
"'......... Oh, yeah.'
　In other words, I'm at the end of my patience.
　I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page17>
　It's a great way to get the most out of your time with your family.
　The situation is, needless to say, terrible.
　I will...
C:>I'm not sure what to do.
C:>I'll take Ciel and run away.