<Page1>
　　　　　　　　　　　---This is a great way to make sure you get the most out of your vacation.
　Is it the abnormal development of my skin senses or the heightened acuity of my hearing?
　　　　　　　　　　　---The ringing in my ears skewers my brain.
　Even though there is no one in sight.
　You can read the signs of a great number of people from the random buildings.
<Page2>
"Haa---haa -----
　When you are in such a dense place where people are like bushes / overflowing, it becomes unbearable again.
<Page3>
　Where there is no one.
　A place where no mistakes can occur.
　I have to escape to a place where no one will bother me while I'm still conscious.
<Page4>
"...... haha ...... haha ........."
　You will reach the park at night.
　This is a place of relaxation built in the heart of the office district.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with us, please do not hesitate to contact us.
<Page5>
　The park is as quiet as a cemetery, but it is filled with the presence of people.
　The sound of someone's breathing or deafening talking tightened up my whole body like cotton.
<Page6>
　I can't believe it.
　Even though we were more than 200 meters away from the station, we could see the hustle and bustle of the downtown area in our hands.
　The window lights of the residential area in the distance are so small, but so bright that they dazzle the eyes.
<Page7>
"Shut up ...... up, shut up, shut up, shut up ...... up!"
　He grabbed his forehead with one hand and held his headache.
　This is a great way to make sure that you don't end up in a situation where you can't get out of the house. ...... In a city as dense as this, there was no way that there could be a place where there was no sign of humans at all.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page8>
"You'll be able to get a lot more than that.
　That's right. It's a good idea to look around.
　You can get a lot of prey with just a short walk. There are so many of them, after all. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. Rather, everyone subconsciously hopes that the excess will be removed. This is cleaning. How is it different from picking up trash?
<Page9>
"I'm tired.
　My head hurts.
　I want you to not make an unabashed noise in my head. This is a great way to get the most out of your time and money.
<Page10>
"------"
　It's not good. If you close your eyes, you will fall asleep. I've never slept a full day in my life. It's a great way to get your mind and body to sleep. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　Even if I do wake up, it will not be me, it will be someone else.
　And that scares me. I'm scared. Then. Before that happens.#I'm gonna put a knife to my throat.#I'm gonna put a knife to my throat...
<Page11>
"It's ......!"
　The only thing I could get out of it was the tip.
　You can not .......
　I'm not going to lose my life just because I'm afraid.
　It's a good idea to take a look at your own personal life.
<Page12>
"I need ...... help ...... someone to keep an eye on me ......."
　Then at least let them manage you.
　I need someone to keep an eye on me, to keep me awake, to keep me sane.
<Page13>
"That's right. ...... ahead ...... people.
　I didn't want to show myself like this, but I can't afford it anymore.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page14>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family and friends. ...... No one can fix my body.
　I'm not sure what to make of it. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page15>
　But I want to see her.
　I want to hear Ciel's voice.
　If Ciel senior is there, I can still continue to be Tono Shiki...
<Page16>
　I call my senpai on a registered number.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page17>
"Yes, hello!　This is Ciel.
　It's rare to get a call from Tono-kun, isn't it? I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
"..............."
　It's strange.
　This person's voice is so warm right now.
<Page18>
"Hello?　Qu'est-ce qu'il y a? Maybe it's just an operational error. ......
　Oi, can you hear me?"
<Page19>
　A muffled voice.
　I've only been there once, but I could imagine Ciel senior making himself at home in that apartment.
<Page20>
".................."
　I can't find the words.
　I can't think of what to say.
　...... I'm really stupid. I shouldn't have called him.
　I should have just hung up and said nothing and...
<Page21>
"......... ahead, sir."
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　I couldn't hold it in, so I said those words back in my throat.
<Page22>
"Thank God, we're connected.
　What's wrong with you, this late at night?
".................."
　I thought, "I'll stop.
　You can find a lot of people who have been in the business for a long time, but you can't be the only one.
　But I couldn't.
<Page23>
"It seems that I'm no good, senior.
　I'm not sure what to say.
"You can find a lot more information on the web.
　You can find a lot more information on the web.
<Page24>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　I'm sure you'll be pleased to hear that.
"I'm not sure what to do. You will find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life. But it was useless. You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
<Page25>
　It is also very bad quality.
　Even now, if I'm not careful, I want to go back to the mansion and slit the throats of ■■■ and the others with a knife.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to use it to get the most out of your money.
<Page26>
"I don't know what I'm going to do. I can't kill myself. I've never been taught how to kill myself.
"...... You don't have to. Where are you?
"I'm at the park at the south entrance to ....... I thought I came to a place where there was no one around, but it didn't work here either. There are too many houses around. My head hurts."
<Page27>
"I understand. I agree with you about avoiding the popular places.
　You should head towards the ruins of the department store where you fought with Vroob. No one will come near you there, and above all, it will be quiet.　I'll be heading there soon.
<Page28>
"Well... that place is empty.
"Tono-kun will be able to cut through the barricade and get inside. Sneak in first and wait for me in the basement.
　The phone went dead with a bang.
<Page29>
"-----"
　I put away my cell phone and managed to get up.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your investment.
<Page30>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your time with your family and friends.