<Page1>
　I saw the hell where the days end.
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　"Stop."
　I saw the hell where parents kill their children.
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　"Please stop."
　I saw the hell where children kill their parents.
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　"Please."
　I saw the hell of killing anyone and everyone without separating them.
　　　　　　　"Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't ......!"
<Page2>
　Not even a single restraint.
　All of them saw the hell that I caused.
<Page3>
　I wanted to stop my hands, but I couldn't.
　I wanted to close my eyes, but I couldn't.
　I wanted to close my mouth, but I couldn't.
　I wanted to kill him.
　I wanted to kill myself, but I couldn't.
<Page4>
　I was a machine with bad taste.
　As long as I could collect blood, I was a good presser.
　No, I'm sorry for the machine.
　Machines don't have that extra power. They don't add to the process because they want to hear you scream or because they want to see your reaction.
<Page5>
　I was no longer human.
　I was a creature that should not even pretend to be human.
　Regardless of whether I was guilty or not, I was a material that should not have been born.
　Everyone said so, and everyone's words were correct.
　There was no good reason for me to be alive.
<Page6>
　At the very least, I wanted it to end in one day.
　But the night never dawned.
　The ritual was mostly a success.
<Page7>
　Alcuade had fallen into my hands, and I was so close to swallowing her whole.
　And yet...
　The sixth person, who appeared without being called, easily tipped the scales.
<Page8>
　And so, I was killed.
　I was finally killed, finally.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　The object that was me was carelessly thrown away on the street, just like the people I had killed.
<Page9>
　What happened after that was an ending that I, with my eyes closed, could never know.
　I finally buried myself in a dark, dark death.
<Page10>
　...... Yes, this is good.
　There is no more waking up.
　You will not be reminded of it again and again every night.
　You will find a lot of people who are looking for a new way to live.
<Page11>
　...... But even when I'm asleep, I can't forget.
　It is not possible to forget the memory of that time.
　So I fought.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　If you are living, you can not rest.
　I believed that even I, like this, could do something.
<Page12>
　How shallow was my wish?
　I only hurt the people around me.
　I only stained her soul.
<Page13>
　I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
　I'm sorry I got carried away.
　I'm sorry I couldn't die.
　I'm sorry I can't fight anymore.
<Page14>
　These six years were for nothing.
　I have long since ceased to be me, and have become nothing more than a living piece of meat.
　I've come to understand that the best thing to do is to keep killing myself like this and become nothing more than a lump of meat.
　I'm really sorry.
　I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page15>
"a------"
　And yet, why?
　I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one who's had it.
<Page16>
　...... I see.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page17>
　I'd like you to stop .......
　I want you to abandon me here.
　There are people who need you like this.
　Maybe there have been other such people in the past.
<Page18>
　But still, I can't fight it. I can't take it anymore. I don't want to remember anymore.
　It's painful. I've always been in pain. I always wanted to feel better.
　I wasn't strong, I was just afraid to stop, and I didn't know when I would break.
<Page19>
　So, I can't fight any longer.
　Because no matter how many vampires you beat.
　No matter how many people I save.
　I will never be forgiven.
<Page20>
"I'll never be forgiven." ......?
　Of course you can't. You will never be forgiven.
　Most importantly, you will never allow yourself to be forgiven.
<Page21>
"What ......?"
　The voice comes from close by.
　It was the words of someone who was no longer here, who had left them for me with all his heart and soul.
<Page22>
　But he was right.
　There is no forgiveness. There is no redemption.
　I can't redeem the past.
　So I'm just going to...
<Page23>
"No, you're wrong. It's not what you did in the past that you swore not to forgive, it's what you'll do in the future.
　If the result is the same no matter what you do.
　If no matter what you do, you can never get back what you lost.
　I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you.
<Page24>
"Ah ...... ah, ah ...... ah, ah---"
　I'm crying miserably and languidly.
　You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
<Page25>
　...... I know that. I know it. That's why I've lived all this time.
　But can it even be allowed?
　I, who have taken so many lives, am not even allowed to touch the lives of good people.
<Page26>
"It's not allowed, then..."
　I can't stop sobbing. I realize how ugly and weak I am.
　I am the filthiest creature on earth, and whoever it is has the right to impeach me.
　And yet. You will find a lot of people who are looking for the best of the best.
<Page27>
'You said. You can endure sin because you have a body that cannot die, because your body is strong. If you have the same body as me, anyone could have endured.
　But that's not true. It's absolutely not true.
　It's not because your body is strong. You had a strong heart from the beginning. Because you had such a good heart, you were able to continue to bear your sins.
　That's...'
<Page28>
　That's something you don't have, he said.
　He said that it is your light that you can be proud of for everyone.
　If, no matter how much sin you carried, you had a good heart, nurtured it, and did not abandon it.
　That your redemption was not in vain.
<Page29>
　Hide your ...... inexplicable grief.
　He said this as if he were giving up something he wanted so badly.
<Page30>
'I was a helpless man, and the truth is, though I had many things to be thankful for, there was never a time when I could be happy.
　But you were there for me.
　I'm glad you're here. I'm happy when you laugh. I thought I wanted to live for you.
<Page31>
'I will accompany you on your way.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the site, please do not hesitate to contact us.
　So --- it's tough, but don't stop fighting until you run out of steam.
　The feeling of being held in place is lost.
　It softly separates.
　In the midst of losing himself even now, he smiled embarrassingly and ran to the battlefield, believing in me.
<Page32>
"What a misplaced trust.
　　That I was good from the start?　That's absurd.
　　You didn't kill yourself.
　　You left everyone else to die for you.
　　The evil heart of selfishness, the most common kind in this world.
　　That's what we are, isn't it?"
<Page33>
　I stop sobbing.
　The blood circulates in the dull body that had fallen to lead.
"Ah---, guh---!"
　It hurts. It hurts so much. I've come back to life more times than I can count, but this pain is the only thing I can't stomach no matter how many times I taste it.
<Page34>
　I really... I keep apologizing.
　I'm sorry, my body. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page35>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　　The vampire, Roa, was just an opportunity.
　　I was born with a superior body.
　　I was born with a superior body, and there was bound to be friction with my surroundings sooner or later.
　　That's just the way it turned out.
　　Whatever I was, I'm sure I was guilty of a lot.
　　I was destined to be stoned by many people."
<Page36>
"This---!"
　With force, he peeled the skin off his back with a crunch.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
　But, because, you see. Even now, I can hear the sound from afar.
　I can still hear the sound of you trusting me and fighting me alone.
　If you want to live up to that trust, it's okay to be skinned or even boned.
<Page37>
"Why?
　　Do you still see hope?　You still won't admit your sin?
　　I will never be saved.
　　As a substitute, you are only a victim.
　　We have no miracle to save us, no reason to live.
　　We don't deserve to be loved. Isn't that right, Elaithyia?"
<Page38>
　...... Yes, I am certainly not worthy to be loved.
　But I saw a miracle. I've just seen the most precious thing of all.
　There is nothing in him. He has been deprived since he was a child.
　He has been so deprived that he doesn't even realize what happened to him.
　So, first and foremost, he was a person who needed to take back his life and his happiness.
<Page39>
　Such a person told me that he wishes for me.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of that.
　I'm sure you'll be able to figure out what you need to do.
<Page40>
".................. so."
<Page41>
"Oh, no, no, no, no... ...... ...!"
　I reach out my hand from the darkness.
　My body has not regained its strength. My mind is still weak. I will always hold on to these doubts.
<Page42>
　Yes, I still have to stand.
　This life isn't about mourning the past, it's about...
"Ah, ah, ah---!"
　No, no matter how many times I fall, as long as I pray, I was given to fight...!
<Page43>
".................., you hypocrite."