<Page1>
　The ruins have regained their original tranquility.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　The trigger of the gun that ...... he held was not pulled.
　Because before the pile-driver could show its true value, the girl's body was ashen and scattered to the wind.
<Page2>
"'..................'
　The senior never took her hand off the gun.
　He didn't exhale loudly and rest his shoulders.
　I'm not sure what to make of that.
<Page3>
　...... Just, abruptly.
"I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
　I'm not sure what to say.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page4>
"You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
"You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life. This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your investment.
　So the agents are used to this kind of thing.
"If one of you falls into a vampire, I want you to kill him before he changes," is a common promise. I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
<Page5>
"...... senior"
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web.
　It is not a psychological problem, but a structural problem. She was no longer in a body that could survive without killing humans.
　It could be said that it was a natural result because she was on par in terms of physical ability and mental strength. Rather, how could she continue for five years?"
<Page6>
"''Senior.
"''I met that girl again at the church.
　I was a little surprised. She was older than me, you know?　She stayed in the church alone for six years after that.
　The convent took her in and it took her five years to finally become a substitute.
　But she wasn't very good at it. He always looked like he was dying and was going to retire soon. Every time he would come to see me, he would say whatever he wanted to say and get better. It's disgusting.
<Page7>
"After two years, we became a team.
　Two years later, we became a team. "She had made a small mistake that displeased the priest, and she came to me in tears. She wanted me to make her my disciple and protect her from being ousted. I'm sure she hated that choice to death, but it was the only way to survive.
　I had been recruited by the burial agency, so I had a certain amount of authority. I took her on as my apprentice, even though I knew she would slow me down.
　We didn't speak to each other except on duty, and five years passed."
<Page8>
"'...... senior'
"'Honestly, a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. That girl could not have survived very long, and she was not very good at controlling her desires. It was obvious that this would happen. If she hadn't teamed up with me, she would have been able to quit the agency much sooner.
"...... It's okay. You can apologize to them, senpai.
"I'm not sure what to say.
<Page9>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　That's the only ...... change. She kept her face hidden, desperately trying to suppress what was rising in her.
<Page10>
"...... I'm sorry.
"I'm not sure what to do.
　Quietly. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.