<Page1>
　The bell of the chapel is ringing.
　As I wipe down the table set up outside, I look up and overlook the town, which is busier than usual.
<Page2>
　There were many people in front of the only church in town.
　A charity show by puppeteers and magicians was being held in the square, and children from all over the city were gathering there.
<Page3>
　December 24, 2001, 3 p.m., sunny.
　It's only a few hours before the start of Christmas.
　My house is a café facing the square, and I'm getting ready to open the shop.
<Page4>
"Hello. Is the shop ready?"
"------"
　I turned around in a panic when he spoke to me in his usual tone.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page5>
"Oh, I don't need a menu, I'm just stopping by.
　He says casually in fluent French, and sits down at his usual seat with a view of the main street.
<Page6>
　He is an oriental student who has been in town for six months.
　He is a polite but friendly man who plays the piano at our restaurant on his days off.
　He told me that he had come here to study music, but that the rent in the city was too expensive, so he was living here with his friends.
<Page7>
"You don't go to the square to play, do you?
　Yes, I do. Please don't do that with me. I'm not interested in that kind of thing. In the first place, I'm 14 years old.
"I didn't mean it in that way. ...... I'm sorry, I apologize. I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
<Page8>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm sure you're right. This is the silver accessory that I have been wanting. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page9>
"I've always been indebted to you, Dad. If it weren't for this place and Arlequin, I would have starved and collapsed long ago. It's not good to have money but not be able to cook."
　I couldn't look directly at his kind smile, so I thanked him with a pout.
<Page10>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　But not him. It's partly because of his oriental baby face, but also because he looked kinder than anyone else in town.
<Page11>
"...... But Arlucan has been closed a lot recently, hasn't it?
　It's a bit disappointing that the best cake shop in town is closed for Christmas.
"------"
　It's a great way to get the most out of your day.
<Page12>
　I'm sure he's mistaken, because they've recently started selling cakes, but Arlequin, at the end of the main street, is a long-established bakery.
　We buy our baked goods from Arlequin, so the fathers know each other.
<Page13>
　I don't play outside much, but I do know his only daughter.
　She started junior high school this year, and she's the complete opposite of me: lanky, active, and dark-haired.
<Page14>
"I haven't seen Arlequin's daughter around, either.
　She used to give me freshly baked bread.
<Page15>
　To be honest, I don't like that girl one bit.
　You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing. She is taller than me, even though she is younger.
<Page16>
"It's not just Arlucan that's acting strangely, but the entire city. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
　If you have relatives in another town, I think you should go there for the New Year. There, don't look so smelly. My instincts are always right in these situations."
<Page17>
　He finished his coffee and walked to the church.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your day.
<Page18>
　Christmas begins at night and ends at night.
　It is said that the 24th is the day before, but to be precise, Christmas is from the evening of the 24th to the night of the 25th.
　Once the sun goes down, our café gets really busy.
　I felt a little lonely and watched his back as he left and the children in the square.
<Page19>
　That was the last memory of me and my town when it was alive.
<Page20>
　After I finished helping him open the store, I retreated to my room.
　I had homework to do at school and no friends to invite to Christmas Mass.
　If I didn't go to Mass, it would make me look bad, but I couldn't help it if I didn't want to go. I lied to my father and told him I had a cold.
<Page21>
　My room was on the second floor of a shop, and I could hear the noise of the shop until midnight.
　Tonight is Christmas, so it will be even noisier than usual.
　I didn't want to be aware that I was alone, so I covered my ears with earphones, pulled the covers over my head, and slipped into bed.
<Page22>
　I spent some time in the room with the lights off, not even bothering to look around.
　But I couldn't fall asleep, I was curious about what was going on outside, and I was starting to feel the urge to urinate, so I crawled out of bed.
　It was only seven o'clock in the evening. The night doesn't seem to be over yet.
<Page23>
　I thought.
　At that time, I tilted my head at the view from the window.
<Page24>
　The square was bright, but the lights of the church had died out.
　From the main street, I hear a kind of loud voice that stretches out, which I have never heard before.
　---Foot.
　The bustle from the café on the first floor has completely ceased.
<Page25>
　I open the door in my nightgown and peek down the narrow hallway to the stairs leading to the first floor.
　First, I call out to my father and mother, I think.
　They don't answer, and I don't hear any visitor's voice.
<Page26>
　At that time, I was still relaxed, unthinking, and vulnerable to everything.
　So I went down the stairs unprepared, and took a look around the cafe.
　I stepped into a nightmare littered with human blood, human flesh and human bones.
<Page27>
　The first thing I did was to observe the cafe carefully, not knowing what it meant.
<Page28>
　Broken tables. Broken chairs.
　Scattered plates. Human bodies strewn about.
　The cashier who was no longer needed. A father who is no longer here.
　I can no longer breathe in ones, twos, and threes.
　It was as if the life activity, which should have been separated from the mental activity, was dragged by the mind and torn apart.
<Page29>
　Before I could scream, I vomited, curled up like a cat, vomited, vomited for the rest of my life, vomited, vomited, vomited, vomited, vomited, vomited, vomited.
<Page30>
　If you listen carefully, you can hear the cheers from the square.
　I wanted someone, anyone, to explain to me what had happened, so I ran out of the shop.
<Page31>
　As soon as I stepped outside, I was given an explanation.
　A burning square. Bodies piled up. The usual sound of bells echoing from the church.
<Page32>
　The city was divided into two races.
　Those who chase and those who flee. Those who kill and those who are killed.
　The creature who was a human until a moment ago.
　And those who still run as humans.
<Page33>
　I don't know how this happened. I'm sure I'll never know. The only thing that makes me sad is that while I was messing around in bed, there was a notice about the end of the world and I missed it, so my dad and mom left me behind.
<Page34>
　I was lucky that I couldn't scream, so I was able to get out of the main street without being seen by the monsters.
　Anyway, I wanted to see my father and the others.
　It's not safe here, so they must be out of town waiting for me by now.
<Page35>
　If you go down the hill from the main street to the second street, you can get to the national highway.
　The surrounding countryside is full of rice paddies and no one will be able to help you, but as long as you can get to the highway, you'll be fine, I thought, looking up with hope.
<Page36>
　But there was a wall there that I had never seen before.
　A fortress over ten meters high, encircling the city.
　There were many adults who had escaped.
　They are fighting, cursing and killing each other in a more terrifying manner than the monsters in the square.
<Page37>
'What, if you can't destroy it, why don't someone climb up and lower the rope!
　It was a very rational scream in this situation.
　The adults stopped fighting and started to work together to climb the wall anyway.
<Page38>
　I was relieved by that.
　I had been watching from a distance because I was scared, but now I knew I could go near it.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
<Page39>
　It is a good thing that I could not ...... scream.
"It's a good thing you didn't do that. You should not approach now.
　This is the man of my dreams. A foreign exchange student from the Orient.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page40>
　But why?　You might be able to escape with him.
"'...... Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. ......"
　He couldn't answer well.
　He just stared at the wall with a pale face.
<Page41>
　More adults had come to the wall.
　People who had run away from the city. Too many to count.
　I was impressed by how many people were living in my city.
<Page42>
　But I couldn't do anything else. I could ride on their shoulders and go over the wall, but they were still struggling over who would be the top.
　At that time.
　I saw a strange thing grow out of the ground.
<Page43>
　It was a high, tall wall that was black and yet transparent.
　It was a small wall that had been built inside the citadel that surrounded the city.
　The adults who noticed the abnormality shouted.
　They rushed to the wall that had been built behind them and hit it again and again.
　But the wall didn't break, and if I'm not mistaken, it's now making a thumping sound.
<Page44>
　...... Wait a minute.
　I'm sorry. What are you trying to do? What are you doing?
<Page45>
"It's moving!　This wall's moving!
"What the hell is going on?　Get the chief!
"Get back!　Don't push me. Get back, you fuckers!
"Hey, it's not stopping at ....... It's not stopping!
"Come on, come on, get me up there!　Get me up!
"Don't push me, don't push me, don't push me, don't push me.
"The edge is bad!　There's no room!　Get in the middle, get in the middle, get in the middle, get in the middle, get in the middle, get in the middle, get in the middle, get in the middle, get in the middle, get in the middle.
"Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
<Page46>
　It's like a giant, old-fashioned blender juice.
　More than a hundred men and women are being pressed slowly, little by little. The wall will carefully store only the blood that overflows thirstily.
　A strange shadow standing on the wall is watching the scene.
<Page47>
"Let's run. We shouldn't be here. ......!"
　He pulled my hand and turned on his heel to the second street.
　I followed with a dizzy head.
<Page48>
　By the way.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to take advantage of the fact that you'll be able to get a lot more.
<Page49>
　On the way to escape, I saw a lot of things.
<Page50>
　For example, an exhibition on the front page.
　On the road leading to the square, there were several objects standing. If you looked closely, they were cacti about the size of a man, and if you looked more closely, they were people themselves.
　Their surfaces were glued together with thorns, so it was no wonder they looked like cacti.
　The cactus had a bright red flower on it. A blood sucking flower that blooms with humans as its nursery. A crimson rose that blooms with blood.
<Page51>
　The people who became cacti were no longer human except for their heads, but they were smiling with very happy faces.
　They were attacked by dead bodies and eaten.
　Some were eaten by dead bodies, some were mistaken for dead bodies and bludgeoned or shot by their neighbors.
　I thought it was a better end than being juiced between the walls. Because it was a dreamy way to die, and I even thought that if I was going to be killed, I would prefer this way.
<Page52>
　For example, a ballroom on the front page.
　It was big, big insects that were moving along the road.
　Insects with six legs. Eight-legged spiders. Multi-legged waddling things.
　They were all crying out in chorus, "Modo shite kure.
　Those were still humans, even without looking closely, and they had new parts growing out of various parts of their bodies.
<Page53>
"Love. That's love. That's love."
"Watashi is sad. I don't know why I love you."
"Love is something you give. It is something that watches over you. It is something that makes you strong."
"I want you to understand. I can't stop loving you guys!"
<Page54>
　The voice of an insect that sounds like a machine, but is clearly not an animal voice, tells the "things that used to be human" to love them.
<Page55>
　It was strolling in the air.
　A huge nest was stretched out between the roof and the roof.
　As soon as I saw it, I felt like giving up on living, and it was a bizarre odd shape that gave me the creeps.
<Page56>
　The devil that comes out in the fairy tale seems to be cute.
　Eight long, long legs are twirling with glitter.
　It is a dizzyingly beautiful dance like the finger that strikes the key of the piano.
<Page57>
　There were many other places to see.
　The frozen streets, the many holes in the ground, the flocks of beautiful pigeons that attacked only those who had given up trying to escape.
<Page58>
　I felt like I was going crazy.
　No, I was going crazy because my sanity, which I had already lost, was about to return to sanity with another turn.
　I had already reached my limit, and I was just a creature being pulled by him and running.
　It's a great way to keep your mind off of things.
<Page59>
"I wonder why the lights in the ...... church are out?"
　He stopped and talked to himself.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
<Page60>
"You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
　Judging from that, he took me and ran into the church.
<Page61>
　There were many other people in the chapel.
　There was also my father. The warmth and guilt of my father's embrace caused me to burst into tears.
<Page62>
　The chapel was a place of refuge.
　More than fifty people huddled together, waiting for dawn to break.
　Believing that when dawn broke, all the wonders would be over and they could return to their normal lives.
　But.
<Page63>
"'Oh, how lamentable!
　I was expecting the whole town to come out in droves, but all I got was this.
　There are too many unbelievers in this age."
<Page64>
　Footsteps are heard from the altar.
　He's got bright red eyes that you can see even in the dark.
"But that's why I welcome you.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　He used us all as toys to pass the time.
<Page65>
　In the chapel, there was a pool of blood.
　I'm sure you'll agree. The floor of the chapel caved in noisily, creating a breeding hole from which we could not escape.
<Page66>
　I wanted to see which method would keep the blood freshest.
　I want to see which method will keep the freshest, he said.
　He said he wanted to see which method would keep the freshest.
<Page67>
　　　　　The first to be chosen was a classmate.
　　The end of the body is folded inwards.
　　Like the legs of a squid that is fried in the fire and curls up, and wrapped.
　　From the faucet, the scream and the contents slurp.
<Page68>
　One by one
　　　　　　　　　Apparently, it is good to nos to the thin skin.
　The second person, the third person, and so on, become a box or a carpet while they are still alive, and it is dizzying.
<Page69>
　One by one
　He's waiting for someone. He has a lot of time on his hands.
　I remembered myself one day. I opened a bag full of sweets and threw them into my mouth while I was enjoying the TV.
　I finally realized that it was no different than that.
　The church was a bag of snacks, and we were just chips with names.
<Page70>
　One by one.
　The pool fills not with liquid, but with squishy, thin people.
　Screams. Pleading. Help me. Help me. Crunch, crunch, crunch. The wall that rises high was polished up by everyone in good company. Crunch, crunch, crunch, crunch. Even when the nails came off, they flattened and flattened.
<Page71>
　One by one
　I can't remember his name for the life of me, but the uncle who had been holding me was chosen. I cried and cried, but it was no use. I was desperate and furious. 
<Page72>
　　　　　　"You'll be the last one I kill."
<Page73>
　Don't throw it away like trash because it's bad, someone pick it up, pick it up, pick up that lump of meat before it gets crushed.
<Page74>
　　　　　　　　　Aaahhhh...
<Page75>
　One by one
　Finally, half of the pool was gone, and the pool was half full, and everyone was banging their heads against the flesh, rubbing their faces against the flesh because they were too scared to look at that guy's face, desperately trying to see if he was okay.
<Page76>
　We are, one by one.
　But at the end of the day, none of that means anything.
"There is no dawn," someone finally said.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
<Page77>
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea. ...... The pace was about one per hour, so it was probably only about three days later.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
<Page78>
"...... Let's run away. You can escape now.
　I'm sure you'll agree.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　When I looked closer, I saw that he was gone. The wind was strong today, and there was a strange sound coming from outside.
<Page79>
"Pile up the bodies. You can just barely reach them if you do. ...... Listen up everyone. I just want to save this girl."
<Page80>
　It was the last ray of light.
　To save. I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I wanted to be eaten and finish quickly. But his eyes were different from ours.
　He thought that it was very noble of him to want to save someone.
<Page81>
　We picked up the meat suit. We picked up a suit made of meat. It was like an ocean crossing to heaven, and it went all the way to Purunoe.
<Page82>
"Come on, hurry up. Before he comes back."
　He pulled my hand.
　I was able to get up to the pool no e, which was so far away.
　The rest of us are happy. I think it's our fault that we are a little unhappy when this happens.
<Page83>
　He grabbed Nagaisu and scattered the pyramid that everyone had made beside me.
　Why?
<Page84>
"...... If we all run away together, we will be noticed. It's the only way."
　I understand. If the contents are empty, I'll notice it too. He won't even notice if the snacks are just a little bit gone.
　But why?
<Page85>
　He broke the nagais and used it as a stick.
　He took me by the hand and went out.
　He took me by the hand and took me to the outside, where I was so familiar with and longed for.
<Page86>
　There were many animals out there.
　He pushed me on my back, and I was in front of the animals.
　But he can escape safely thanks to me.
<Page87>
　I didn't feel sorry for him.
　It's not that he was a particularly bad person.
　It was just that he was evil. No matter how wonderful a person is, it is common for him or her to fall into the wrong hands.
<Page88>
"Hey, look, there's a woman here who looks good!"
　...... Yeah.
　I'm sure you'll be able to figure out what's going on.
<Page89>
　...... is being eaten while screaming.
　After all. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page90>
　I was left abandoned in the square, looking up at him and the town that had changed into nothing but bones, looking up...
　I saw the end of it all.
<Page91>
　The end of my town was a small thing.
　Because...
<Page92>
　The world has become a terrible thing.
　There are changes happening that shouldn't be.
　I understand it all.
　Even as a broken, little boy, I'm being opened to an evolution.
　Oh... my city was used for this ritual.
<Page93>
　But the ritual failed.
　He was killed by the white incarnation and fell in front of me with a crunching sound.
<Page94>
　I want to run away, but I can't move my body.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm like an abandoned doll, and I'm reflected in his eyes.
　In the long, long night until I faint.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.