<Page1>
" Hey, Akiha.
　What's going on with our house now?"
"What do you mean by "what's going on"?
　If it's a matter of ownership, I'll inherit it eventually."
<Page2>
　Are the assets of the Tohno family kept by the guardian until Akiba grows up?
 I don't have anything to do with that, so I'll leave that topic behind,
<Page3>
"No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the situation at the mansion.
　It's just me, Akiha, Kohaku-san, and Hisui, right?
　I'm just wondering what's going on with the rooms you're using and stuff like that."
<Page4>
"As a general rule, all rooms except ours are locked.
 Nii-san's room is on the south end of the second floor of the west wing.
　My room is at the north end of the second floor of the east wing.
　Hisui's room is in the middle of the second floor of the west wing.
　Kohaku's room is at the north end of the first floor of the west wing."
<Page5>
"The upstairs playroom and guest room are closed, but will be open if my Nii-san wants to bring his friends.
　Our father's study is locked up tight because there are still important documents on....... Even you are not allowed in here, so please keep it to yourself, Nii-san."
<Page6>
"I see. The west wing is mainly used.
 The east wing is used for the office, Akiha's room, and so on."
　It's an intimidating space for ordinary people.
<Page7>
"Nii-san?"
"I understand. It's more like a high-class space where you have to make an appointment beforehand."
<Page8>
"……You're generally right, although there is a problem with the way you say.
　The rest is ..... right. The annex and the botanical garden are also closed, though they were open when my Nii-san was here in the past.
　Because we won't be able to keep them up for a while
<Page9>
　The annex was for lodging guests, and the botanical garden was built when Makihisa was a student.
　Before he took over as the head of the family, Makihisa Tohno was devoted to agricultural science, especially thremmatology. The botanical garden is said to be a remnant of that time.
<Page10>
"You mean you' ve closed all the other facilities?
　Oh. And the pool?"
"The pool is an exception. It's only closed because it's fall, but I will bring in a contractor and reopen it when the season starts."
<Page11>
Thank God.
I wasn't allowed to use it as a child, but next summer vacation is going to be a rich experience.