<Page1>
"What is this place......"
A voice echoed in the darkness.
The air is damp. The smell of rot that makes you want to cry. A darkness in which she could not see an inch. All of it melts her intellect.
<Page2>
"What the hell is this place......?"
I can't remember what happened a few minutes ago.
I can't even remember where I was.
<Page3>
I think I heard people's voices.
I went down of my own free will.
I used the elevator.
On the way down, I think I realized that this was not an urban legend, but the truth about this city that I really shouldn't get involved in, and I started pressing the stop button desperately.
<Page4>
"Where the hell am I?"
But that's already in the past.
Time is irreversible for humans. It is asymmetric. As long as there is no symmetry, there is no way to go back to the past from the present.
<Page5>
That's it.
When she came, she was in the middle of hell.
<Page6>
"Ah...... ah, ah, ah......!"
Frightened by the darkness, she put her hands on the wall. Rotten juice clinging to her fingers. Fishy. Soft. Knowing that it's the remains of human guts splattered all over the place, she crawls her fingers, crying.
I can't go on unless I do.
I can't go into the dark.
I can't escape the sound of footsteps that have been following me since a while ago.
<Page7>
"No, no, no, no, no.......!"
She could do nothing but walk around with her face twisted into a crumpled mess as she scraped out the guts.
"Hee ......!"
Every time I move forward, I hear a scream from within the walls, like metal grinding together.
<Page8>
"Aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah, aah!
"Are you human?　Hey, don't go!　Don't go........!
"Mother. ...... Mother. ......
"Let me out, let me out, let me out, let me out!
<Page9>
"Hii...... hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!"
She couldn't believe it was the voice of the same creature.
It was a scream that seemed to burst their throats and lungs. They were shouting to say that they didn't mind that much damage.
<Page10>
But their bodies were helpless.
Without limbs, they hung from the ceiling like cloaked insects.
<Page11>
"No, no, no, I don't want to die, I don't want to die. ......!"
She ignores the pleas of the things that are already done for and run away.
Light. Light. I just needed a light. Because then I could escape.
<Page12>
A goal is there.
Then there must be a way out.
It was the only way to survive. Even though she was aware that this was a lie, her remaining sanity continued to cling to that hope.
<Page13>
"Light ......,light, light, light ......!"
She turned her head back.
Then it occurred to her that she was not alone.
I must have come with my lover. That stupid man had brought this up. That's why I said I'd give it a try, just for fun. It's all his fault. I hope he dies. I hope he dies soon. Let him die before me. And then I'll be alive. I'm the only one who's gonna make it. Because I'm special. I'm special.
I've done nothing wrong. There's no reason for this to happen to me. This kind of thing is reserved for people who are more vulgar and dumber than me or more fortunate and lucky than me. I'm not involved. I'm not involved. I've lived a good life. I've lived a pretty normal life. I'm gonna live a pretty normal life. So it should be someone else who should be going through this...
<Page14>
"Huh...? #"
The darkness ceases. Brightness fills the room.
And in it,
She saw herself burning.
<Page15>
"What's this? ...... My hands are all torn up like ashes."
The arm she had stretched out against the wall was now only up to her elbow.
She looked down at her body in a panic, her clothes had long since been burned, her skin charred, her internal organs and flesh exposed.
The fat of the flesh was burning so red and flaming that it was hard to look at.
<Page16>
Good, she laughed.
Because...
I've finally got a light.
<Page17>
"Haha ...... I'm on fire ...... wow wow wow!
Look at me, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, I'm on fire!"
A human laughing loudly.
A human torch illuminating the darkness.
Stab it down,
A blow of mercy to stab it down.
<Page18>
"Sa...Sa..Sa.....SA...SA....SAV...SAVE ME......"
She burned up, spewing boiling blood.
As if savoring the warmth, she drank down the fresh blood.
<Page19>
Hell reverted to its original darkness.
She finished her meal and crossed the hell without her lord.
Behind her are countless corpses.
The people who wandered into the cemetery and the dead who used to inhabit it were all equally reduced to ashes by the flames of the river.
<Page20>
"-----It's cold here."
<Page21>
Even the breath is smoky.
Leaving a red trail like a slug, it aims for the ground with a slow pace.
"The heart of the True Ancestor is in my hands."

I am going to take down the prey that my servants have just discovered.
