<Page1>
...No, I'll wait here.
It's reckless to walk around right after coming back.
I should greet Akiha before I do anything else.
She's the current head of the Tohno family, after all.
<Page2>
I spend some time sitting on the sofa.
The view of the yard from the window matches what I remember.
There is a courtyard the size of four tennis courts, and a garden at the far end that seems ridiculous to even measure.
On the other side of the garden, there are more woods, and I think――――
<Page3>
"Oh. I thought I'd stop by before leaving, but I didn't know we had a prior guest."
The sudden voice made me turn around and gasp.
In front of the door to the hallway that connects to the lobby,
there is an all-black figure, all too strange to be real.
<Page4>
"Hello, Shiki-kun. Welcome to the Tohno residence...# Actually, that's not right. In your case, it would be better to say 'welcome back'."
<Page5>
...A man, probably in his thirties by the sound of his voice... walks into the living room steadily.
The fact that he is all-black is not a metaphor.
For whatever reason, he is covered in black bandages; not only on his hands but all the way up to his face.
It makes him look like a suspicious person from a mystery novel.
<Page6>
"......Excuse me, who are you?"
"Hmm? You don't remember?
Ah, I see. It's me, Saiki Gouto.
We've seen each other a few times when you were a kid, albeit not like this. Even if you remembered, you wouldn't recognize my face."
<Page7>
Saiki...?
I wonder if there is any branch of the Tohno family with such a name.
No, before that―――this person is, how should I say―――
<Page8>
"It's alright, I'm used to being looked at strangely.
I burned my face in an accident. For a long time now, I haven't been able to go outside without wearing them. Sunlight is especially harsh.
Akiha also dislikes me, but that can't be helped. She is also partly responsible for this."
<Page9>
Saiki walks over to the tea wagon, makes himself a cup of tea, and brings it to his lips.
It is an exaggerated gesture, but it didn't seem out of place.
It is a gesture of one born with natural dignity... a casual elegance.
<Page10>
"However. My, how dare you return just like that."
"...Eh?"
"I'm talking about you, Shiki-kun. You broke Makihisa's orders and escaped from the mansion, and as a result, you were involved in a stupid accident and deserted."
<Page11>
"Deserted. Yes, deserted. You who threw away your parent's investment and abandoned your duty, yet here you are, back at the mansion, trying to act like Akiha's brother.
Don't you feel ashamed of yourself?"
<Page12>
"――――――"
I was just about to impulsively stand up but checked myself, before leaning my back deeply against the sofa.
There is obvious contempt and provocation in Saiki's eyes, but there is no point in making a scene here. After all, there is no mistake in what he said.
<Page13>
"Oh. Don't you have any objections?"
"No, it's true that I abandoned my duty.
But don't you think it's shameful for you to use words like 'deserted' and 'investment' when talking about family?"
<Page14>
"I chose those words exactly because we were talking about family.
Fostering is an investment in the family's future. Apart from the city dwellers, individual freedom does not exist in a chosen bloodline or in a noble family line.
Freedom... no, egotism would describe it better. These are rights that you can only acquire after you become an adult and can carry your family on your shoulders."
<Page15>
"You are a son of the Tohno family, but you didn't understand that. Unlike Akiha, you're third-rate. Well, the only first-rate thing about you is that you had the nerve to come back after falling so low."
<Page16>
"――――――"
"Don't stare at me like that, Shiki-kun. It was just an objective statement. It's not my personal assessment.
It seems that I have misled you, as I am not opposed to your return. If anything, I'm in favor of it, and in the first place, it was the decision of the current head of the Tohno family. It's not something that I, an outsider, can say anything about, can I?"
<Page17>
An outsider...?
Then this man is not from a branch of the family?
<Page18>
"The Saiki family has been on an equal footing with the Tohno family since my grandfather's generation. In modern terms, we'd call them business partners.
I'm only here on business today. It may have dragged on for a while, but I got a satisfying response. I'm heading home in a good mood.
Aah, the last thing I want to do is spoil your homecoming with my creepy appearance. Please, excuse me."
<Page19>
The man with the black bandages... leaves the living room with an ironic smile on his face.
<Page20>
"......"
I bit my lip when Saiki said the word 'deserter' to me.
It is a very accurate description of my position in this mansion, just as he had said.
<Page21>
"Excuse me."
Exactly ten minutes later, the girl comes back.
<Page22>
"...? Shiki-sama, is there something wrong?"
It seems she noticed that I've been feeling down after hearing Saiki Gouto's words.
<Page23>
"No, it's nothing. I was just a little overwhelmed. Thank you for the tea, it was delicious."
<Page24>
"My, I am flattered.
It is my pleasure. Thank you for the kind words."
She gives me a shy smile, which makes me feel warm as well.
<Page25>
"Leaving that aside, let's move to the main topic.
Sorry to keep you waiting. Since Akiha-sama has finished her business, please come to her office."
<Page26>
I head upstairs via the main staircase in the center of the lobby.
The office... could be called the heart of the Tohno family.
It was Tohno Makihisa's private room as the head of the family, which I was not allowed to enter as a child.
A room that each successive head of the Tohno family uses.
Now, my sister Akiha is waiting for me there―――
