<Page1>
I take a different path back home.
After passing through rows of apartment complexes, I arrive at the spacious and upscale residential area.
...I'm getting closer and closer to the Tohno mansion.
<Page2>
The scenery around me isn't unfamiliar.
Seven years ago―――I had lived in the Tohno mansion until I was ten years old, and although I only remember it vaguely, I feel nostalgic about this scenery.
<Page3>
My feelings are a bit complicated.
This return trip is both nostalgic and refreshing.
<Page4>
I walk up a long slope.
Houses are disappearing from the surroundings.
―――The smell of greenery tickles my nostrils.
Even though we're in the middle of a city, I can feel an air that rejects modernity.
<Page5>
From here on, almost all the land belongs to the Tohno family.
The mansion where Tohno Shiki lived until he was ten years old.
All that's left are old memories and a family that doesn't get along.
...However, now I only have one immediate family member left in the mansion.
<Page6>
My father, Tohno Makihisa, the head of the Tohno family who hated me, passed away the other day.
My mother died of an illness the year Akiha was born.
So, there are only two Tohnos left: me and my younger sister, Akiha.
<Page7>
Normally, as the eldest son, Tohno Shiki would be the family heir, but I don't have that right.
Being the heir of the Tohno family means that you're subjected to a rigid education.
<Page8>
I didn't want to do that, so I spent my time freely, and I don't know how many times Makihisa gave me a hard time about it.
Then, I was involved in an accident that left me with a physical defect, and Makihisa took the opportunity to cut me off.
<Page9>
He said, 'Even if you're the eldest son, you can't be the successor as a weak man who might die at any time.'
I defied his expectations and managed to recover, but by that time, my younger sister Akiha was chosen as the heir.
<Page10>
Up until then, Akiha had been raised as a 'Tohno daughter', but once I had dropped out, she was raised even more strictly.
I played with Akiha in the mansion garden until I turned ten years old, and got involved in the accident. I haven't met her since then.
