<Page1>
10 minutes... 10 minutes, huh.
I can take a look around the house if I have that much time.
I should be able to take a walk around the east wing, where the living room is, and the first floor corridor.
<Page2>
"Just staying here will make me feel nervous......"
I stand up from the sofa.
If I remember correctly, the west wing had a game room with a pool table and darts.
<Page3>
"Oh. #I thought I'd stop by before leaving, but I didn't know you were already here.
Just as I step into the lobby, a voice calls out to me from the stairs.
As I look back at large staircase leading to the second floor,
there is an all-black figure, all too strange to be real.
<Page4>
"Hello, Shiki-kun. Welcome to the Tohno residence...#Actually, is that wrong? In your case, it would better to say 'welcome back'."
<Page5>
.......A man, probably in his thirties by the sound of his voice... walks into the living room steadily.
The fact that he is all-black is not a metaphor.
For whatever reason, his hands and even his face are covered with black bandages.
It makes him look like a monster from a mystery novel.
<Page6>
"............Excuse me, who are you?"
"Hmm? Don't you remember?
Ah, I see. It's me, Saiki Gotou.
We've seen each other a few times when you were a kid, albeit not like this. Even if you remembered, you wouldn't recognize my face."
<Page7>
Saiki......?
I wonder if there is any branch of the Tohno family with such a name.
No, before that--- this person is, how should I say---
<Page8>
"It's alright, I'm used to being looked at strangely.
I burned my face in an accident. For a long time now, I can't go out unless I wear this. Sunlight is especially harsh.
Akiha also dislikes me, but that can't be helped. She is also partly responsible for this."
<Page9>
With a self-mocking smile, Saiki lifts his left hand up to his eye level.
As if to say that even the setting sun shining through the skylight was too much for him.
<Page10>
"However. My, how dare you return just like that."
"......What?"
"I'm talking about you, Shiki-kun. You broke Makihisa's orders and escaped from the mansion, and as a result, you were involved in a stupid accident and deserted."
<Page11>
"Deserted. Yes, deserted. You who threw away your parent's investment and abandoned your duty, yet here you are, back at the mansion, trying to act like Akiha's brother.
Don't you feel ashamed of yourself?"
<Page12>
"------"
I resist the urge to respond with a "what?"
There is obvious contempt and provocation in Saiki's eyes, but there is no point in making a scene here. After all, there is no mistake in what he said.
<Page13>
"Oh. Don't you have any objections?"
"No, it's true that I abandoned my duty.
But don't you think it's shameful for you to use words like "deserted" and "investment" when talking about your own family?"
<Page14>
"I chose the right words exactly because we were talking about family.
Fostering is an investment in the family's future. Individual freedom does not exist in a chosen bloodline or in a noble family line, let alone a city person.
Freedom...... no, egotism would describe it better. These are rights that you can only acquire after you become an adult and can carry your family on your shoulders."
<Page15>
"You are a son of the Tohno family, but you didn't understand that. Unlike Akiha, you're third-rate. Well, the only first-rate thing about you is that you had the nerve to come back after falling so low."
<Page16>
"------"
"Don't stare at me like that, Shiki-kun. It was just an objective statement. It's not my personal assessment.
It seems that I have misled you, as I am not opposed to your return. If anything, I'm in favor of it, and in the first place, it was the decision of the current head of the Tohno family. It's not something that I, an outsider, can say anything about, can I?"
<Page17>
An outsider.......?
Then this man is not from a branch of the family?
<Page18>
"The Saiki family has been on an equal footing with the Tohno family since my grandfather's generation. In modern terms, we'd call them business partners.
I'm only here on business today. It may have dragged on for a while, but I got a satisfying response. I'm heading home in a good mood.
Aah, the last thing I want to do is spoil your homecoming with my creepy appearance. Please, excuse me."
<Page19>
The man with the black bandages...... leaves the living room with an ironic smile on his face.
<Page20>
"..............."
I bit my lip when Saiki said the word "deserter" to me.
It is a very accurate description of my position in this mansion, just as he had said.
<Page21>
...In any case, I need go back to the living room and calm down.
I'll take a walk around the Tohno mansion later.
I'm going to be reunited with my relatives for the first time in seven years, and I can't face Akiha if I'm in such a frustrated mood.
<Page22>
"Excuse me."
Exactly ten minutes later, the girl comes back.
<Page23>
"......? Shiki-sama, is there something wrong?"
It seems she notice that I have been sunk by the words of Saiki Gotou.
<Page24>
"It's not a problem. It's just that I'm under a little pressure. Thank you for the tea, it was delicious."
<Page25>
"My, I am flattered.
It is my pleasure. Thank you for the kind words."
She gives me a shy smile, which makes me feel warm as well.
<Page26>
"Oh, more importantly, the main subject here.
Sorry to keep you waiting. Since Akiha-sama has finished her business, please come to her office."
<Page27>
I head upstairs from the main staircase in the center of the lobby.
The office... is the center of the Tohno family.
It is Tohno Makihisa's private room as the head of the family, which I was not allowed to enter as a child.
A room that each successive head of the Tohno family uses.
Now, my sister Akiha is waiting for me there---
