<Page1>
Arihiko disappeared at the end of fourth period. He must have gone ahead to the cafeteria to reserve a seat for us.
Although I didn't promise to go to the cafeteria, I'd feel uncomfortable disregarding his kindness.
Let's have lunch in the cafeteria today.
<Page2>
The cafeteria is almost full.
There is a ten-minute line waiting to order.
Looking at the students standing in line with their meal tickets in their hands, Arihiko and I take a table.
<Page3>
"So, Arihiko. Who's this special guest?"
"Mmm. She hasn't arrived yet. I was supposed to meet her in the cafeteria, but... wait a bit, I'll check on her."
Arihiko leaves the curry udon and runs away from the table.
<Page4>
".........."
The menu today is Chikara Udon.
I hope he comes back before the noodles get too soggy.
<Page5>
"No good, it seems Senpai has disappeared."
"Our guest is a third year?"
<Page6>
"Oh yes, she's an interesting senior. I've been attacking her for the past few days and finally managed to get her to agree to lunch.
I heard she's running around the school because she has other commitments today."
<Page7>
"She seems like a busy person."
"She's not busy, she's like a fully automated massage machine."
Arihiko cracks his chopsticks in disappointment.
<Page8>
"Well, I guess we have no choice. Let's eat, then."
"Yes, thank you for the food."
We both start eating the udon.
However, the metaphor "a person who is like a fully automated massage machine" is interesting... and makes me a little curious.
I'll ask about that next time.
<Page9>
"So. What's the real story?"
"What do you mean?"
"The reason why you were in class this morning.
You were lying about Ichiko-san being home. She's got a day job now, right?"
<Page10>
I ask Arihiko, who was sitting across from me, while eating Chikara Udon.
Ichiko-san is Arihiko's sister, a working adult who's taken care of me as well.
<Page11>
"Ah... well, you know, um, okay.
Tohno, are you going back to your parents' house today?"
"Yes, but... have we talked about that?"
<Page12>
"No, we didn't. I just heard about it from my sister.
I just wanted to make sure you weren't feeling blue."
<Page13>
"I see. So, what's your analysis?"
"It wasn't an interesting enough show to get up early for. Disappointing, very disappointing."
"I'm sorry I couldn't live up to your expectations. You've got too much free time."
<Page14>
"It's because of that free time that I like gossip so much. You've been living somewhere else since elementary school, right?#I don't know what the reason was, but it's been seven years since then. Why did your father decide to bring his disowned son back now?"
<Page15>
"I wasn't disowned. He just asked me to leave the house for some reason."
<Page16>
"Hey, Tohno-kun. If there was a family that randomly kicked their child out of the house, it would be more of a comedy than a tragedy.
But this goes a step further, it's too cruel to be funny!"
"Ah ha ha," laughs Arihiko exaggeratedly. One of his strong points is that he doesn't take himself too seriously.
<Page17>
To tell the truth, even before I was involved in the car accident and hospitalized, I had a bad relationship with my father.
The Tohno family had been a prominent family for a long time, and their way of being was far from the norm.
What I remember from my childhood is a huge Western-style building and the pressure of the family's precepts, which were locked in time to match it.
<Page18>
The Tohno family was also a wealthy family and shareholders of several companies. My father, Tohno Makihisa, was apparently a mediocre businessman, but the assets he inherited from his grandfather were strong enough to keep the company running smoothly.
<Page19>
An anachronistic building.
The life of the upper class, respecting civility and history.
Such a life in the mansion seemed boring to my childish mind.
That's why, when I was told that I would be left at the Arima house, I accepted without much resistance.
<Page20>
I think it was for the best, in the end.
I got along well with the people of the Arima family, and I treated my stepmother Keiko and stepfather Fumiomi as if they were my real parents.
Originally longing for a normal family, Tohno Shiki lived with the Arima family as though he were their actual son.
<Page21>
I don't think there was any regret in that.
The only thing I regret is that I left behind my younger sister, Akiha.
<Page22>
Akiha must have hated me... Tohno Shiki.
Or rather, she has every right to hate me.
She was left alone in that huge mansion, living with my hard-headed father.
It's easy to imagine how Akiha feels about me running away from her.
<Page23>
"I guess you're right. It's true that if you're kicked out of the house for some reason, you can't help but laugh."
"Right? On top of that, you've never been back. In this world, that's called being disowned.
I never asked before. Why did they disown you?"
<Page24>
"........."
...Yeah.
The problem is that I don't have the answer to that question myself.
It might have been a bad coincidence.
Well, it was bad for plenty of reasons.
<Page25>
"Hmm, if you don't want to talk about it, fine."
Arihiko holds the bowl with both hands and drinks the soup down.
The break time is short so I decide to follow Arihiko's example and eat my lunch as quickly as possible.
