<Page1>
It's after school.
I couldn't bring myself to go back to the house right away, so I look out at the schoolyard through the window in a daze.
The classroom has been dyed orange by the setting sun. The color, like that of a still-wet watercolor red, hurts my eyes just a little.
<Page2>
I don't really like crimson red.
I feel nauseous as it seems to seep into the back of my eyeballs.
...I'm weak against things that remind me of blood.
Or more accurately, I've developed a condition that has made me weak to blood.
<Page3>
Seven years ago, Tohno Shiki had a near-death experience.
I was told that there was a terrible accident and that I was caught up in the middle of a collapsed building.
<Page4>
Originally, it seemed that the injury would be fatal, and everyone had given up hope. It was a sad state of affairs.
However, thanks to the quick response of the doctors and the fact that all the wounds were concentrated in one place, I miraculously survived.
<Page5>
...When I think back on it like this, it seems like someone else's story, and it's only natural that much of it feels like speculation.
One day, I unexpectedly got involved in an accident, was struck by an object which pierced through my chest, and eventually lost consciousness.
<Page6>
It was like a machine that had been forcibly shut down.
The rest of my memory was just painful and cold, and before I knew it, I found myself waking up in a hospital bed.
<Page7>
I still have the scars from that moment.
According to what I heard, not only did I land hard on my back when I fell, but a piece of glass had pierced my chest.
<Page8>
Thanks to that, I have a burn-like scar in the middle of my chest and back.
The first time I looked directly at my body after the wounds had been closed, I passed out at the gruesome sight.
<Page9>
Since then, I've had frequent bouts of anemia and collapsed many times, causing a lot of trouble for those around me.
This is probably the reason why my father... Tohno Makihisa... left me at the Arima house, saying that I wasn't strong enough to be the heir of the Tohno family.
<Page10>
"...A chest wound, huh."
...I hold back the wave of nausea that came over me.
The pain is like a needle pricking my eyeball, but I take some deep breaths and get through it.
<Page11>
A mark of death in the middle of my chest, hidden beneath my uniform.
Since that accident, I've been able to see "lines".
Thanks to the glasses that Sensei gave me, I have been able to live a decent life, but if I hadn't met her, I would've lost my mind a long time ago.
<Page12>
When we parted this morning, Keiko-san was worried that people in the Tohno house were different from the norm.
It's an unnecessary worry.
Because---
If we're talking about abnormal, then I'm the one who isn't normal.
<Page13>
".........."
I put my glasses back on and pick up my bag.
I can't stay in the classroom forever.
I'll---
C:>Wander around the school.
C:>Return to the mansion.
