<Page1>
　---Zukin.
　---Zukin.
　---Zukin.
　---Zukin.
<Page2>
　...... ah.
　　　Terribly, tired.
<Page3>
　The buds of the headache had become thorns that grow in clusters.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
"-- -,---------"
<Page4>
　He collapses into bed with the thought of dying.
　It's a great way to get a good night's sleep.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I close my eyes with the ...... last remaining thought.
　Now, without thinking about anything, I just wanted to sleep like a scarecrow.
<Page5>
　---I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
　It is said that the more generations a person has, the more memories they have.
<Page6>
　The skill to be used in the future and the skill not to be used.
　Necessary things and unnecessary things.
　The me of today and the me of tomorrow.
　I sort through these things and leave the old things in the workshop. It's like making a memoir that you will never read again.
　Every human being is cutting off his or her past self.
<Page7>
　Now I am on the verge of death.
　To be precise, I have only a week to live.
　The white incarnation will come soon.
　That's the end of the life of 'this me'.
　There was no emotion in my heart.
　People die. This is the inevitable end.
　If there is anything to be afraid of, it is the feeling of waking up. The feeling of crawling out of the endless darkness. It's an uncomfortable feeling that I can't get used to, no matter how many times I experience it.
<Page8>
　As I bask in the past, I envision the voyage of the future.
　The past me was a failure.
　I was born with a weak body, so I immersed myself in research to extend the life of my body. Although I reached one result of immortality, the result was a failure. Eternal youth, after all, is not something the body can possess.
<Page9>
　What should I pick up next?
　There are still a lot of problems that have been solved in the middle of research.
　This time, "immortality" was a retrogression or regression itself.
　Let's try "inheritance" as the next theme.
　Human beings produce offspring with superior factors by blending genes with those of superior gene donors.
　Isn't it possible to do this more simply and without any waste?
<Page10>
　For example, the Dead. They can share their immortality with their servants, but they don't inherit their different abilities.
　No, in the first place, the Dead have lost their reproductive functions.
　They have lust and sexual desire, but they cannot produce offspring. Having gained a single, long life span, they no longer need the function of creating children.
<Page11>
　In the society of the dead, relatives are the servants who have been carefully cared for.
　Dead people who are treated as "sons and daughters" by the VIth rank and above are those who adopted talented people and transformed them from humans into dead people when the time was right.
　There are some families that are truly blood related, but that's only because they were father and son before they died.
<Page12>
　For example, Sir Rossian. A man who became a vampire with his beloved daughters. The last hope of aristocracy. His faction is considered to be one of the largest in the mortal society, and his success and his fullness is the object of envy even among his own founders.
<Page13>
　However, Sir Rosian's biggest worry is that he can't see his grandchildren.
　Dead people can't have children.
　Dead people cannot inherit different abilities.
　They can't pass on their genes.
　They have a fatal flaw as living creatures.
　This is the biggest reason why they are not counted as primates beyond humans.
<Page14>
　In other words, the dead can't make children of the dead.
　The curse of the dead,......, a curse that can confront the world, will disappear if the individual who possesses it disappears.
　It is not complete.
　If it is not complete, it is a problem that I should confront.
<Page15>
　I have decided on the next theme.
　The curse that the twenty-seventh ancestor possesses. Let's say I develop a different ability to inherit them.
　However, the principle is the only one in this world.
　It cannot be imitated, and if it is copied, it will lose its uniqueness and become weak.
　That is why it is called "inheritance. Let's devise a technology to make all those principles our own and reconfigure them for ourselves.
<Page16>
"The inheritance and use of all curses and debts.
Or. The forcible transfer of one's own alien and destiny powers.
　I will label my efficacy as follows.
　Kill, steal, abuse.
　Yes, killing is the basic first step.
　I want you to think of it as inheritance in human terms.
　It's ...... very tactless to put it into words. In order to inherit any kind of legacy, the death of the previous owner is essential.
<Page17>
　I think that's an accurate way to describe a legacy.
　Inheritance from one's parents is not something to be celebrated with open arms.
　Most of them are in debt to the point of being mind-boggling.
　Will the next me have a body strong enough to withstand such debt?
<Page18>
　---Ah, the stars are streaming down.
　The white incarnation has left.
　I have no body, my limbs are ashen, and all that remains is my brain, which will burn up in a few seconds.
<Page19>
　On the verge of death, I ask myself once more.
　Do I have any fear?
　Of course, there is no fear.
　There is only regret.
<Page20>
　I have sought perfection.
　Then what is this perfection you speak of, asks an old friend who remains in the church.
　To my old friend, perfection was the word for "Father Almighty. Of course. It is also our doctrine.
　The Church proved its omnipotence by creating and spreading something that is unchanging.
　They knew that this world would continue to expand, and they claimed that the universe was settled.
<Page21>
　But no. It's completely different.
　It is too old to be unchanging.
　It is always the people of the "age" who update their perception and knowledge.
What is the value of being omnipotent in the "old days"?
<Page22>
　Perfection is not a thing to be.
　It has to be a place to be reached.
　A human destination. The conclusion of man.
　The meaning of my soul. The answer to what we are supposed to be.
　I want to arrive at that conclusion.
　That state is the unchanging one in which nothing is added and nothing is lost.
　In other words, it is the only thing on this earth that is called eternity.
<Page23>
　The vampires known as the Founders sought eternity itself.
　I sought the means to reach eternity.
　It's no wonder they despise me as a heretic.
　Because, fundamentally, they and I are different creatures.
　My course is not wrong. Never.
　Even if the means are wrong.
<Page24>
　--- But that too is a vain howl.
　When I arrived at the castle where the flowers of the stars bloomed, I, the theologian, died.
　Eternity was already there.
　No. The thing which thought that it wanted to keep it forever was there.
<Page25>
　Even now... no matter how many times I leave this world.
　The hatred and joy to the extent that it tears at the body are repeated.
　That time. I weighed knowing everything about the world against knowing that woman.
　As a theologian, I died in that moment.
<Page26>
　...... So, my dear boy.
　Let this advice always be engraved in your soul.
　It is sinful to look at the luminous body of Hoshi with human perception.
　After all is said and done, you will know what you have been in love with.