<Page1>
　Let's go to .......
　I don't know what it's for, but it might be a change of pace.
　I'm sure the feeling will only sink if you go back to the mansion like this.
<Page2>
　In the outskirts of the city, an abandoned factory that was closed several years ago because of business failure.
　The fourth floor of the building that is its administration building.
　This is where the meeting place was specified in the email.
<Page3>
"...... This is the right place, right?"
　There is a fire escape in front of you.
　It's too noisy for a meeting place, but there's no mistaking the address.
<Page4>
　It's a very good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　Let's go up the ...... stairs. It's a good idea to take a look at your own personal life.
<Page5>
　It's a great way to make sure you don't get caught in the middle.
　I'm not sure if the building itself has been discarded, but the stairs are in disrepair.
"This is not going to collapse,......."
　I stepped on the stairs fearlessly.
<Page6>
　And ......
　You will find a lot of things that you can do. I don't think it was the wind.
"Now the footsteps ...... are coming from above.
<Page7>
　The more you climb up, the louder the sound becomes.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page8>
"............"
　I picked up the knob and it turned easily. It is not locked. The noise is coming from inside this one.
<Page9>
　Open the ...... door and look inside.
　It is dark. The inside is closed off. There is no benefit of electric light because it is abandoned.
　Just.
　At the back of the room, something was glowing fragmentedly.
<Page10>
"Dr. Noel, ......?"
　I call out to her before I can even get inside.
"I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sorry, I couldn't pick you up. Anyway, come in, come in ♡"
<Page11>
　I'm not sure what to do.
　The place seems to be right here.
<Page12>
　I'm not sure if you've seen this before, but I'm sure you have.
　I squint in the ...... darkness.
"What's in there?" Before I could even think about it, my hand spontaneously clamped down on my nose.
<Page13>
　A strange odor that I remember smelling.
　The sensation of the floor making a lukewarm sound.
"'..................'
　It's a good idea to keep your knife in your cuff so that you can take it out at any time, and go to the back of the room.
　There are a lot of
<Page14>
　There.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
<Page15>
　The source of the smell that assaults the nose was those two people.
　I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
　The legs of the two bodies were sizzling and burning, probably from the light surrounding the chair. In the event that you've got a lot of time, you'll be able to take a look at a few of the best ways to get the most out of your time.
<Page16>
　I'm not sure how many hours ...... they were roasted like that.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　In the event you're not sure what you're looking for, you'll be able to find a lot more information on the web.
<Page17>
"I'm not sure what to do. Could you not tell Ciel-san about this?"
　Fresh blood and flesh marks splattered on the floor and walls.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　In the middle of it, she---Noelle is looking down at the two men tied to the chair with a big smile on her face.
<Page18>
"...... Dr. Noel."
　I'm not sure what that means, but it's uncomfortable to say.
　You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
<Page19>
"I'm not sure.　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　And you know what? Do you remember these girls?
<Page20>
"............"
　I remembered them at a glance without being told. The two people in the chairs were the same two people from the department store who sent me to the basement.
<Page21>
"That's what I'm talking about. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.　So I thought I'd let you get even."
<Page22>
"I've been waiting for this for a long time, and now it's time to repent. No one is going to come in here anymore, and the soundproofing is perfect. Let's get rid of those tactless pacifiers, shall we?
<Page23>
　One of the vampires has the gag removed from his mouth.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page24>
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　It's not the eyes ...... that are filled with murderous intent and hatred.
　Such resistance is merely a hope that has passed hours ago.
<Page25>
"Oh no...... no, I don't want to......."
"I don't want to die...... I don't want to die...... I don't want to die in this place, even though I have become immortal."
"Please stop now. Please forgive me. Please help me."
"It's not like this. No matter how much it costs, it's too much. We're victims too."
<Page26>
　She was now a complete weakling.
　She was frail and vulnerable, and one more step and she would be dead.
　With every fiber of his being, he was begging for help and hoping to live.
<Page27>
"..............."
　Humans have a tendency to have feelings for weak creatures, whatever they are.
　There is an intelligence that responds to the way things are now rather than the way they were in the past.
<Page28>
　For example, the way we deal with criminals.
　No matter how much evil they have done, those who are trapped and helpless are given forgiveness and a chance to reform.
　Whether to deny it as naive or to endure it as the benevolence that only human beings possess is something that only those who have been the victims of treason can tell.
<Page29>
　Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop!　
　There was no mercy for the woman.
　After listening to every last voice of the "weak" begging for their lives, she painstakingly processed them as many times as their pleas.
<Page30>
　I started with the five fingers, then the wrist. Then the elbows. The shoulder. One more, changing the flavor.
　After those were gone, he changed the equipment and went to the internal organs.
　It stops cutting and crushing, and it processes the human body with the instrument which stabs and burns.
<Page31>
　It was like cooking.
　A chef dismantling raw fish. However, there is a difference between heaven and earth in both technique and philosophy.
　In the case of a chef, there is the skill to measure where to start cutting so as not to kill, and the philosophy that freshness should be maintained.
<Page32>
　But that woman was different. She didn't have any good skills to begin with.
　The reason she is still alive is simply because she is hard to kill.
　The only thing they barely have in common is their philosophy.
"They all share the same goal: to eat well.
　We're processing them while they're still alive.
　The only reason we're leaving the vocal organs intact...
　I just want to hear it scream.
<Page33>
"Oh, no, don't put it in, don't put it back in, don't put it back in, don't put the lid on, don't put the lid on... ---"
<Page34>
　Soon, the screams ceased.
　It was not because the vampire had lost its breath, but because its form had disappeared from the chair.
　The woman painstakingly dismantled the vampire, leaving only the neck still alive, and pushed all the parts into a box 50 centimeters square, and put the lid on.
<Page35>
　The other one that was left behind was staring at the whole thing with a face twisted in fear.
　In other words, they were being shown the whole thing.
　This is because their eye lids have long been removed and it has become impossible to block their vision.
　The sound of a bloody wind is heard, fugou, fugou.
　A full-body scream,......, perhaps a plea for life,......, leaks through the gag.
<Page36>
"'Well?　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the web site.
　We only have one day of inquisition time. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page37>
　The woman took her eyes off the vampire and approached me with the sound of her sticky shoes.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page38>
"I'm sure you'll be pleased with the results.
　I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who's had a bit of trouble. In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the web site.
<Page39>
"In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the site, please do not hesitate to contact us. You can kill them by making them suffer as much as possible.
<Page40>
　The woman holds out a thread saw to me.
　I...
C:>It's ...... cause and effect. Let's take a woman as an example and handle it.
C:>You can't ...... do that nonsense.