<Page1>
"It's in bad taste. I can't go out with you."
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual website.
　The momentum of the hand that shook off the woman was unexpectedly strong, probably because of the antipathy towards the woman.
<Page2>
"I'm not sure what you mean.　I'm not sure what to make of it.　I'm not sure if it was too splashy?
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　In the event that you're not sure what you're looking for, it's possible that you'll be able to find it in the marketplace.
<Page3>
"It's not just me whose taste is strange. I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page4>
"------"
　I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
<Page5>
"If you're going to ...... kill, you should do it in vain. I only want to kill vampires that attack humans, I don't want to hurt them.
<Page6>
"What?　You'll be able to get a lot more than that.
　I'm sure you're not the only one.　You kill vampires, whatever they are!　They die!　You can't just kill a vampire, you have to hurt them as much as you can think of and make them suffer until they beg you to kill them!
<Page7>
"■■■■■■■------!!!!!!"
　The woman threw the weapon carelessly at the chair behind her, keeping her eyes on me.
　The weapon is thrust into her crotch.
　The unvoiced agony echoes off the concrete. The way the mouth of the sole bubbled up with gobbledygook reminded me of a pot on fire.
<Page8>
"I'm not sure what to do.　The other party is raw meat that can't do anything. It's a lot easier than the dead people you've killed in the past.
　The only difference is that it had human intelligence, human screams, and a human life!
　If she can understand human pain, she should taste human pain before dying a horrible death!"
<Page9>
　The woman's eyes are filled with hatred.
　It is not directed at vampires, but at those who do not have the equipment in their hands.
<Page10>
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your time and money.
<Page11>
"What are you going to do then?　If he vows to never attack humans again, will you let him go?　Will you let him live?
　I can't believe how many innocent people they've preyed on!　They're monsters, okay?　And you treat them like humans just because they look human?
<Page12>
".................."
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm sure there are many others who have been killed in the same way.
<Page13>
　But that story and the woman's question are two different matters.
　She says this.
"Those who have become vampires should not be kept alive. They have no human rights. No matter what kind of thing it is, it has no right to be alive.
<Page14>
　...... I can't agree with that idea.
　In the event that you've encountered a vampire that preys on humans or a vrove that is a disaster just by being there, it is inevitable that you will kill each other in self-defense.
<Page15>
　In the event that you've got a vampire that doesn't attack people and wants to live like a human being, there's no reason for you to kill each other.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page16>
"I'm not sure what to do, but I'll do it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it.
　You can at least stand guard there!　You can stand there like a scarecrow and watch what happens to these people!"
<Page17>
　The woman turned her back on me and walked over to the vampire tied to the chair.
　The gag is removed.
"Help me, please. Please help me."
　A plea is squeezed out of the person's heart just by hearing it.
<Page18>
　Or, Sole could have seriously vowed to reform.
　If it is possible to get out of this nightmare, the nightmare in which it is ■■■ed alive by the woman in front of eyes, it is said that it atones for the crime.
　The man who dyed his hands in many vices wakes up to the love of the Lord by a sudden chance, and becomes a devout believer.
<Page19>
"You're dead. You're going to die.
Or rather, you're going to die. You will die. You're going to die. You're dying. You're dying. I'm going to die. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying.
<Page20>
　The dismantling begins.
　The screams that split the air filled the room.
　The woman's work grew more intense with each passing minute.
<Page21>
　The first one was still better.
　The handling of the instrument which was careful became rough.
　The gut division which was painstaking was cruel.
　The voice of condemnation that leaks from the mouth is so that you can no longer distinguish which is the devil.
<Page22>
"I'm going to kill you ...... I'm going to kill you ...... I'm going to kill you ...... I'm going to kill you ...... I'm going to kill you, kill you, kill you, kill you, kill you without a trace ......!
　Die, die, die, die, die!　Die quick, die now, suffer to the end, beg for help to the breaking point!　Vampires, wanna-be vampires, would-be vampires!　They're all the same, you filthy maggots. ......!"
<Page23>
"You know what I mean.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to do. They're pathogens. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page24>
　A mallet in the corner of the room is lifted.
　It's no longer torture or demolition work.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page25>
　With a dull sound, the flesh and bones are crushed in one blow.
　The vampire's body is shrunk to half the size of a chair.
　Thanks to the excessive violence, the chains on the arms that were tied to the chair were broken, and the sword that was stuck in the floor was blown away.
　The vampire begins to crawl about with the freed upper body.
<Page26>
"I'm not sure what to do.　They look like cockroaches!　They won't die even if they're like this!　Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting, disgusting ......!　These things don't even deserve to live!"
<Page27>
　...... And so the dismantling of the second body was finished.
　The second body was not put into the hackyards. It's a great way to make sure you don't end up in a mess. There was no need to pack it up and take it home.
　The woman turned her back to me and turned her head.
<Page28>
"...... Look. I'm sure I'm right.
　Vampires are evil. I'm sure you'll agree. ...... So, you know.
　If you ever figure out that you're one, you can .........
<Page29>
"Die. Die yourself. If you can't do that, you can't do shit.
　If you can't do that, then get down on your knees and beg for your life over and over again, and then give me your head.
<Page30>
　With unfocused eyes, the woman spat out a curse.
　The sound of a spear axe falling to the floor was heard.
　The woman took a deep breath and calmed her shoulders, which had been rising and falling violently.
<Page31>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page32>
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at our own web site.