<Page1>
"......?"
　When you enter the classroom, it was a lawless zone.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time in the office.
<Page2>
"I'm not sure what to say.
I've got a cold. I've got a cold. I want to go home.
"Good morning. I'm relieved to see that you're still unmotivated.
　...... By the way, what's this all about?
<Page3>
"I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not sure what to make of it.
"What?　I don't understand the situation any more. What's our turn?
<Page4>
"It's a vaccination shot. Dr. Noel gave it to me a week ago. ......
Oh, I see. I remember you leaving early that day.
　There were a lot more students who got sick than usual, so we made a special decision. The first year was yesterday, and the second year is today.
<Page5>
　I'm not sure what to make of that.
　It seems that during homeroom after school, the topic of vaccinations was discussed.
<Page6>
　It's the second period and it's our turn.
　We got in line outside the infirmary and waited our turn. Normally, up to five people would be allowed to wait in the infirmary, but for some reason, each of us had to enter the infirmary individually this time.
　In addition, Arihiko has already gone home brilliantly, saying, "It's a pain in the ass and I don't like pain.
<Page7>
I'm not sure if I'll pass.
　I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure you'll understand.
<Page8>
　You can find a lot more information at ...... about the doctor's voice from the infirmary.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
<Page9>
This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page10>
"..................
　By the way. I don't think I've ever heard a voice that sounded so familiar.
<Page11>
"Yes, the next sample, please.
"..............."
　I enter the infirmary.
　In the familiar infirmary, there was a funky doctor who did not fit the school to death.
<Page12>
"...... Dr. Arakku?"
"Oh my?　You are a student here?
　I'm surprised. Could this be the red thread of fate?　Oh no! I'm in trouble!　Now I'll have the Tono family's fortune all to myself!
　But if I accidentally do a love dive, the head of the family will kill me!　No, no, no, no, that's not good!
<Page13>
"..............."
　I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who's a doctor. ...... When I thought I wasn't at the Tono residence, I didn't realize that this guy was doing this kind of work. ...... I mean, he really was a doctor.
<Page14>
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
　I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.　I've never been to a doctor's appointment at school before.　Whatever the case, firsts are great. And here, the master can't even see us!
　Tono Shiki-kun. Sit down with your head held high. If you run away, you'll get a failing grade on your report card.
<Page15>
　While preparing for the injection, Mr. Arakku made some off-the-cuff remarks.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the web site.
<Page16>
"I'm not sure what to make of that. It's really cute. It's been a while since I've seen you, and you've grown up so fast, isn't it great how fast we humans grow?　It's sad that they seem to be in a hurry to live.
　Now, which one is better for you, Shiki-chan? ...... Hmm, is it this one? Which one? Punch? I don't know.
"...... Are there different kinds of vaccinations?
<Page17>
"Yes, there are.　I'm in the camp that believes that the subject should have the freedom of choice.
　Some are thin and not very painful, but very effective.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page18>
　I'm sure you'll be able to understand why. ...... There is a strange tension between the two choices.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea.
C:>I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
C:>Then something that hurts and doesn't work.