<Page1>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page2>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page3>
"It's a good thing I'm not the only one. Let's play, Ciel---!"
　I'm not sure what to make of this.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page4>
"------"
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　It's clear that this is the worst possible development.
<Page5>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　The place is the city center. The only armament in hand is a black key.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money to spend, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
<Page6>
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to make use of it to get the most out of your money.
　The strategy is simple.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
<Page7>
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
　You can find a lot of people who are interested in this type of product.
<Page8>
　It usually has only a hilt, but by practicing the sacraments, it reveals its blade and functions as a sword.
　The black key is a sword, but its use is for stabbing and throwing. In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page9>
　In the event that you've got a lot more than one, you'll be able to get a lot more.
　Superlative management of the body. In the event that you have any questions concerning where and the best way to get in touch with us, you can call us at our own web site.
<Page10>
　This is magic, the art of the human body movement which is not a sacrament.
　It is the ultimate of man that a certain fanaticism has created over several hundred years.
　It is a throw of iron that punches through even a concrete wall.
　In the burial institution, this is called iron armor action.
<Page11>
　However, it was also kicked away by one swing of the claw.
　The black keys released are all iron armor.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page12>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　The distance that Ciel let go was painlessly reduced to zero.
　You will find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page13>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to make of this.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page14>
"I'm sure you'll agree.　I'm not sure if I should be saying this, but how long are the churches going to keep using those old things?
　You know, something more interesting like this.
---I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
<Page15>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use it, please do not hesitate to contact us.
<Page16>
　But that's the story of an ordinary agent.
　Don't laugh at it as an armament of the previous era. A thousand years of history has produced various types of black keys.
　This is one of them, the cremation ceremony.
　It is a wall of flame at 500 degrees Celsius that burns up the impure living corpse.
<Page17>
"Next...!"
　I'm not sure what to make of this.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to do. This is a great way to get the most out of your time and money.
<Page18>
"I got him. ......!
"I'm sorry. I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page19>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page20>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's also a great way to get the most out of your business.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web. I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
<Page21>
"''What's that, it's boring!
　What happened to the weapon you used on Vroove?　What about the tools that disperse so much poison?　And what about that nasty guillotine?　Why don't you use that heavy, heavy, heavy stake on me?
<Page22>
"It's selfish...
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure what to do. In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
"''---Don't say it!
　After showing his back, he kicked through Alcade's chest with a full-bodied turning kick.
<Page23>
　Three black keys follow the white shadow that blows away.
"I'm not sure what to say.#What?
<Page24>
"What is this, a new kind of warding?
"You are past the cathedral.
　Cool your loosened head in that imprisonment tower ......!
<Page25>
　A prison tower. It's a good idea to take a look at the web and see if you can find any suggestions on how to use it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　If you want to catch your prey running on the ground at will, you need a more three-dimensional "pursuit".
　For example, using the towering walls of the cathedral as a further foundation, the vertical and horizontal axes simultaneously occupy the space.
<Page26>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　After all, that tower of light has almost the same hardness and mass as the building that became the source of the sacrament. Strasbourg Cathedral, which was claimed to be the largest tower in the Middle Ages. This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the best out of your business.
<Page27>
"I thought you didn't use this ...... magic!
　That false belief...#I'm not sure what to do.
<Page28>
"I only use ...... it on you and Roa.
　I'm not sure what to do. It has the strength to temporarily contain even the twenty-seventh ancestor. It is not easy to shatter even the true ancestors. In addition..."
"In addition, what? You're still bringing that weapon?
<Page29>
"There's no need to bring out the scriptures. The thing is, it's already done.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page30>
"This is the ...... of the Vrouve's time!
"'It is a cathedral. It is a ward that uses a principle that was taken from a certain ancestor. It is originally used to cut off the outside world, but depending on how you use it, it can also be your greatest weapon.
　---Alquade by the way. You know the mass definition of life in the magical world, don't you?
"!"
<Page31>
"It is defined as a stage in the energy production or mass of life itself.
　The criteria is simple, it's measured by size and weight.
<Page32>
"The strongest ones are the smallest and heaviest.
　The second strongest is "large and heavy".
　The third is "small and light. This is a human being.
　And lastly, "something big and light". These are the things that spread far and wide, like information, gossip, ghosts."
<Page33>
"Ciel, you..."
"My cathedral is an isolated space with a maximum diameter of 30 kilometers. It's not life, but it's big and heavy.
　It's not life, but it's big and heavy.　No matter how violent you are, it will take a certain amount of time to get out. Let ...... them taste the super dense prison for at least an hour."
<Page34>
"Hmm..."
"Principle Blood Commandment Number Twenty-Two--Cromclay Petas Structure."
　The deputy's arms are raised.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　---I'm not sure what to do.
<Page35>
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
"I'm not sure what to do.
　In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page36>
"I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea. ......
　This is a game with me, right?　Then you should be more serious!
"............!"
<Page37>
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family.
　It's a great mistake to .......
　I'm not sure what to say. You can find a lot of things that you can do to make your life easier.
<Page38>
　In the first place, if you are going to deal with the True Ancestor ...... Alcade, it must be a defensive battle. For one reason or another, if you are aggressive, the attacker will destroy himself.
<Page39>
　If you are serious about fighting off Alquaid, you will need equipment that can kill her with a single blow.
　I'm not sure what to do.
<Page40>
　In addition, the condition of the opponent was too abnormal.
　The only thing that awaits her now is death after being tortured.
　While looking at that reality, what crossed her mind was not the fear of death.
<Page41>
"---This kind of thing..."
　With just one blow, most of her internal organs were necrotic.
　While enduring the intense pain that made her lose consciousness, the substitute stared at the vampire princess who walked up to her.
<Page42>
"---I can't believe it. That True Ancestor, isn't he really using his power with his own emotions---!"
　It was the worst reality that even she, who had killed numerous mortals and defeated Vrove, wanted to believe that it was a dream.