<Page1>
"Oh, ......, oh, ......, oh, oh!"
　This is the first time I've ever seen such a thing.
<Page2>
　The agony was deafening.
　A crashing sound like a piece of metal in a blender.
　It's not like it's out of this world.
　Even Sole's dependents shudder.
<Page3>
""Aaaaah, aaaaaaah!""
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
<Page4>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　The heart dies in a matter of minutes, and each time it regenerates and expels the pain again.
<Page5>
　The torture never ends as long as you live.
　The only way to be released is death.
　But even that salvation had been lost long ago.
<Page6>
""a--a--a--oh, gee--" -"
　I don't remember what it was that made me let go of death.
　I don't remember when it was that death became distant.
　It's just painful. Cold. It hurts. Hot. I'm scared.
　All I can think about is the animalistic screams.
<Page7>
　I think he came to this land to chase and kill something.
　He left the women he loved in his domain and crossed the sea all the way.
　This is my last chance.
　This is my last chance to take it all back.
<Page8>
　But what time was the last chance?
　My head, which is losing its sanity every day.
　Is it your body that is becoming more and more cursed every day?
　Was it to make up for the sins of a distant day?
<Page9>
　I can't remember. I've already forgotten so much.
　However, if it is just to regain sanity, it is too late.
　I've already lost my sanity. You can't come back to your senses now.
　When we crossed the ocean, most of the assets we had accumulated were washed away. We can no longer return to our homeland. The only way to stay alive is to make this country your second domain.
<Page10>
""Ha-aa-aa-aa-aa ---- --"!"
　It doesn't matter. I don't care what happened.
　I just want blood now.
<Page11>
　My throat is freezing. My skin is thirsty. My soul is starving.
　I needed warm blood as soon as possible.
　I wanted to bathe in the blood of ningen as soon as possible.
　Where I was and what I was doing was a question of little importance compared to that desire.
<Page12>
　Walking in the dark.
　Marching with the dead in tow.
　Crawling out of the vertically moving box and onto the light-filled ground.
　At the same time.
　The blue flames spread like invading water.
<Page13>
　No animal sensed the change, the danger that seeped out.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　When the corpses he had brought with him grabbed passersby by by the shoulders, pushed them down, and began to make squealing noises without any dispute.
<Page14>
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family.
　By the time they realized that it was not just someone else, but an abnormality that had befallen them as well, they had already lost their way.
<Page15>
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your vacation.
　The passersby who were pushed down by the corpses were left with only a few bites in a matter of minutes.
　The flames that had already spread to this section of the city burned the legs of the fleeing people, turning them into nothing but bait to crawl around.
　It was the beginning of the agonizing screams.
<Page16>
"------ Why?"
　In the midst of it all, he had summoned a faint sense of reason.
　He squinted at the dazzling light.
　His thoughts, smeared by pain, began to turn with a discomfort that
　Thoughts filled with pain begin to spin with a discomfort that outweighs them.
<Page17>
"Why is this city so bright?
　　The filth is something to hide.
　　Is it the way of this land to show it off?"
<Page18>
　The fruits are overflowing in front of you.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
　He barked, "How can you call this fertile land, even if it is full of ningen?
<Page19>
"'There are many humans. There is no shortage of blood."
　A blue flame overrides the dead.
　The wraiths are quickly engulfed in flames, changing the way they are.
　The flaming dead are driven by flames.
　Their abilities improve, but their bodies burn out in the short run.
<Page20>
"But I am not intrigued by the blood of these pigs."
　Physiological disgust multiplies the curse.
　Blue flames, burning only with life, fill the asphalt road.
　A river of flame begins to flow through the weir.
<Page21>
"In conclusion, it is pointless."
　I step on the fruit that has been seared by the flames and accept the gushing blood with shame.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web.
"This glow, this prosperity, is meaningless to me."
<Page22>
　He resumes his march with the burning corpses in tow.
　I can't remember what we were chasing.
　I've got one thing to do before I remember.
　I realize that this one is a worthwhile task.
　Suffer and die, he laughed.
　The fattened city deserves an ignominious end.