<Page1>
"A lot of the time, the best way to get the most out of your money is to use it to pay off your debts.
　The ruins of the park collapsed due to a gas explosion of unknown cause.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　In that barren land.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page2>
"I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it'll be fine.　Agh, ugh, ugh ......!
　One leg, paralyzed by electric shocks, could not move satisfactorily, and crawled down the slope of rubble.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your investment.
<Page3>
　I'm sure you'll agree with me.
　If you know what's going on, you'll be able to judge that it's a low-grade dead person, and even the lowest-grade dead person. I'm not sure if I'd believe it if I told you that she was an agent until just a few moments ago.
<Page4>
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
　I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to try.
<Page5>
"I'm not sure what to do.　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　I'm not sure if I'd be able to do that.
　From the same substitute girl.
　From the cocky acting priest's orders to turn herself in.
　And --- from the vile bloodthirst that still assails her throat.
<Page6>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　She continues to cry, unable to bear the pain in her shoulder.
　You can go to a branch of the church to get treatment for your wounds. It's a good idea to take a look at the website to see if there is anything you can do to help. It's a good idea to take a look at your own body and see if you can find anything that can help you.
<Page7>
"You can find a lot of people who are interested in this kind of thing.
　A lot of people think that they can't get rid of the pain in their right shoulder that seems to be rotting away at any moment.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you get the most out of your vacation.
　However.
　In that extreme, the only thing that filled her thoughts was her hatred for that woman.
<Page8>
"It's a great way to get the most out of your time with your family and friends.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page9>
　---It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I didn't even think I had a chance to win by fighting that woman head on. That's why, if I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it with my first shot. I had decided that it would be fine if I made it look like I was going for the woman and just killed the boy behind her.
　And yet, I couldn't even do that.
<Page10>
"Then---!"
　The black key barrage of his best efforts was prevented.
　It was a ...... expected thing that I really wanted ...... to work, to tell you the truth.
　But. In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to use it for a lot of things.
<Page11>
　At that time.
　What occupied her mind was a despair that was akin to self-mutilation.
<Page12>
"When did this happen?　I couldn't see any motions or anything. There's a difference in competence, it's not like that. I knew that I was no match for him from six years ago, but I still worked hard and believed that I had filled in the gap at least a little.
　But --- this difference is even more distant than six years ago.
　In front of that woman, I'm really less than a bug---"
<Page13>
"Walk away, Sister Noel."
　That's what the woman said. Dare Sister, she said.
　You are no longer an agent. Not even your own disciple, she declared.
<Page14>
"Ah... ah... ah..."
　That's good.
　I know that I have gone astray.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　I'm not sure what to say.
　But, but, but, but...
<Page15>
"I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it. ......
　A vindictive voice is squeezed out.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
　It's a great way to make sure you get the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you don't get caught in the middle of the action.
<Page16>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
　And yet, what is that thing?
"That thing is a hero, it's not a human anymore.
　Because I was convinced of this, I was able to shelve my desire for revenge.
　But what if all of that was a lie?
<Page17>
　What if the inhumanity she had shown up until now was just an act, and in her heart she was seeking happiness, if she had such human suffering, that would be the greatest betrayal.
　Redemption for her.
　Redemption for everything that woman has ruined.
　Is it permissible to abandon them and laugh from the bottom of your heart?
<Page18>
　The reason she was allowed to do that was because she was a superhuman.
　Because she is not a human, she has been able to ignore her past sins.
　However, if she was only a human, I would never forgive her.
　Punishment for sin. Evil deserves retribution. Further atrocities for atrocities.
　That woman's actions will be punishable.
<Page19>
"And yet ...... you can do nothing. ......!
　Just because you're strong ...... doesn't mean you'll be happy!　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry ......!　If I were stronger than him, I could ......!
<Page20>
　I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　She peeled off her fingernails and continued to scratch the ground, oblivious to the fact that the first joint of her finger was long gone.
<Page21>
"'Dear God, Dear God, Dear God ......!
　Please help me.
　Please help me.
　I'm not sure what to do.
　The woman who was a substitute continues to curse with all her heart.
　You can find a lot more information on this website at ....... In fact, prayer is something that is offered to the Lord himself.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your time and money.
<Page22>
"But it's really good!
　I think that prayer alone is enough to make me a wanker!
"--- Eh?"
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page23>
"I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure what to make of that, but it doesn't matter. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page24>
"------"
　I'm not sure what to say.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page25>
"Don't come ...... who are you?
"Atashi?　I'm just a good guy passing through.　You can call yourself Scrooge after Noel, but I don't like Carol in any way.
　I mean, it's a story about a strong person becoming weak.　There's not enough love in it, you know?
<Page26>
"On that note, I'm all about love, and my life's work is about making the weak into the strong. How about it?　I'll make you strong now, in honor of our meeting at the bottom.
<Page27>
"------, ha."
　It was so ridiculous that she couldn't help but laugh.
　This incomprehensible visitor was so stupid that even her guard was blown.
<Page28>
"Don't be silly,......, you don't know anything and you're talking casually!　If you can become stronger, you have already ...... become stronger!
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
<Page29>
　It's the anger and frustration from the bottom of my heart.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
<Page30>
"I'm not sure what I did.　I'm not sure if you just said that, young lady.
　...... Was that the real switch?
　The woman in white heels echoed the heels, and approached her crawling.
<Page31>
"You haven't done anything yet.
　You have only lived. You have paid no effort, no ingenuity, no price, no love, nothing to become stronger."
　Sole's fingers touch her lips.
　A white finger raises her face, which is covered with mud.
<Page32>
"But it's not too late. Hey, pretty lady?
　If I can be strong, what can I really do?"
"'------'
　The ...... reply was small but filled with certainty of intent.
　She nodded, of course, feeling terrible about the temptation of Sole.
　I nodded.
<Page33>
"'But how do you ......?
"It's easy.
　I'll make you a real vampire.
"What ...... do you mean, wait, what ...... are you talking about?
　I'm going to make you a vampire. ...... No, I mean, a real one, huh?
<Page34>
"I'm a handsome man.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual products and services that are available. You still haven't accepted the fact that you're just an ordinary person.
　But don't worry. With my method, I can turn any human into a vampire, even a bug.
<Page35>
"Wait, wait, wait, wait. ......!
　I'm not contaminated?　I'm so thirsty, I'm in so much pain, and I'm ......?
"Oh. That's just an assumption. Maybe you just have a cold.
"------!"
<Page36>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your vacation.
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time with your family and friends. It's a great way to make sure you don't get caught. ---Like an ugly spider that takes pleasure in tormenting its prey.
<Page37>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　This is the first time I've done a clinical trial, so I'm so nervous I'm going to eat it!
"No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
　No. ...... No, no, no, no, no, no. ......!　I don't want to become a vampire, not even if it kills me. ！！！！！"
<Page38>
　Although it was painful, the new birth ended in a few minutes.
<Page39>
"Oh, ........., ............, oh, a-- ----"
This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your investment.
<Page40>
"...... haha. I'm not sure what to make of that.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your money.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　This is because revenge against vampires was the reason for her survival.
<Page41>
　But that will disappear in a few minutes.
　The obsession she had when she was human was too small. I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.
<Page42>
"I'm sure you'll be able to understand why.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page43>
"......... Yes, do you have a problem with that?
　This is me. This is the way I am. This is what I wanted to be.
　---I'm so good. I like it. I like it.
　I say, "Thank you."
<Page44>
"Thank you is fine, it's charity.
　But that's not enough to win over the agent.　I'm a sitting duck, aren't I?
"...... You don't have to tell me that, I know. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. How can I ...... help you?"
"Of course, I have to give you an extra injection, don't I?
<Page45>
"What ...... is that?　Is that different from the injection you gave me?
"It's the same thing. Each one of these is a replica of an idea. It's my special magic potion that raises the ranks of the dead with each one.
　However. With each bottle, the pain of death will be sprinkled on the soul. For those who have no sense of pain, rewriting the principles is the pain of death. You can't guarantee your life, that's the sad part, right?
<Page46>
　There are six ampules left in her hand.
In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page47>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.
　If he is a V-star, he is said to have a curse that does not care if the agents are all together.
<Page48>
　If this theory is correct, two or three more of these will allow her to be free in body and soul.
　If she uses all of them, she can reach the VIII rung, the pinnacle of the mortals who can reach the ancestors.
<Page49>
　However, one bottle is one death.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page50>
"With a single ............, I ladder ............."
"Yes, I can guarantee that.
　Now, how many will you try?"
　A tacky smile challenged the newcomer mortal.
　After ...... she hesitated.#She took all of the ampoules that Sole held in his hand.#With a face contorted with fear, she struck the first one into her own heart.
<Page51>
"A ------ ah, ah?"
　The pseudo-principle that runs through the blood vessels.
　It's not the same as the metamorphosis of a few moments ago.
　The discomfort of being rejected by everything on this earth.
　It converges on her body.
<Page52>
 ！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！"
<Page53>
　It was already a device that was only there to cause pain.
　It's a hell of a trial to prototype one change and move on to the next as soon as it fails.
　Horrific deaths and horrific births take turns in seconds.
　The crimson body continues to suffer, unable even to cry out for help.
<Page54>
　If you look up, there is no moon, not even the night sky.
　This place is the prison of the earth, and the cage of eight legs which cannot escape.
　The scream is not known to anyone, and it continues to echo in the dark until her heart is replaced by a "real" vampire.