<Page1>
　It's a good opportunity and a bit of a digression.
　A word that I heard glimpsed last night during my tussle with Alcade.
　Let's ask him about the cathedral.
<Page2>
"'Just out of curiosity, what is the cathedral that you tried to lock up Alcade in?
　That's the one they used to lock up Vroob, right? Is it something special?　Like Ciel senior's special move."
<Page3>
"I'm not sure what to make of it, but I think it's a good idea.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing. I'm embarrassed."
<Page4>
"..............."
　...... I see. I think I'm beginning to understand how to make my seniors in a good mood. ......
<Page5>
"It's a good idea. I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm not sure what to say.
　I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page6>
"''I can somewhat understand that senpai is a selected substitute. In the event that you're not sure what to do, you'll be able to ask your doctor.
<Page7>
"I'm not sure what to make of it. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I'm sure you'll be able to figure out what's going on.
<Page8>
"I'm not sure what to do. In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at our own website.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
<Page9>
"I'm not sure what to make of it. It was originally used to store an entire kingdom, so it has deteriorated considerably. So it's become more of a conceptual ward.
<Page10>
"Instead, if I may say so, my cathedral has developed a function that the original did not have.
　That is the spatial distortion that I used for the Vroove.
　When you look at it from the outside, it's a square of several dozen meters, but inside it's 10 kilometers in diameter.
<Page11>
"The point is, you can change the size of the outside and the inside separately, and to some extent arbitrarily.
　If you use it correctly, you can isolate the army of the dead single-handedly, which can be called one of the most effective methods.
<Page12>
"But that doesn't mean you should overconfidence it.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to buy a lot of things that you can't afford.
　If ordinary magic is tap water that can be pumped for free, think of grand magic as wine in a wine bottle.
<Page13>
"One bottle of wine can only activate the cathedral twice. Once with Vrouve and once with her. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　It's not like the limited magic power in the bottle is normal magic power and can't be replenished as easily.
　In the future, if dead people wielding disasters like Vrouve appear, it will not be possible to control the damage, so please be careful, Tono-kun."
<Page14>
"''...............''
　...... Anyway, I only understood that the cathedral can no longer be used.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your time and money.
　I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.