<Page1>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　Let's ask about that weapon ...... black keys.
<Page2>
"It's the next curiosity.
　I'm not sure what that weapon is that Ciel senior is throwing around so much.
<Page3>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at our own web site.
　It's a good idea. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page4>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It is said that the dead are the most widespread in Europe.
　The Dead are heretics who possess the curse of immortality.
　The Church's mission was to return their bodies to human form, to return them to the dead and to return them to the dust.
　The great Lord's "Great Provisions" ...... will be read and heard so that the dead will know the Lord's love and disappear from this earth."
<Page5>
"It looks like a blade, but it's actually a 'holy word.
　It's a sacrament of the Church, based on the rules for mourning and burying the dead.
The sacraments of the Church.
　In Japanese terms, you can think of it as a grateful sutra on ......."
<Page6>
"So, why is the word in the shape of a blade?
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm sure you'll agree with me.
<Page7>
"Ordinary weapons can't kill or wound the Dead.
　For the dead, a 'wound' is something that can be restored with blood.#You can't kill them just by slashing or wrestling them.
　In the meantime, even if the agents are a bit reckless, they are still human beings, so if it comes to battle, they will be overwhelmed by the difference in their survival power.
<Page8>
"That's right. In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at our own website.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, please do not hesitate to contact us.
　The most effective method was to trap them in a building or a forest and burn the entire place until all the blood was used up. But if they did this every time, the church would be bankrupt.
<Page9>
"Then, the best swordsman and priest of the time devised a weapon that could be mass-produced, easily carried, had immediate effects, and minimized damage.
<Page10>
　That is the Black Keys and other scriptural armaments: ......
　Instead of inscribing scripture on a weapon to make it effective against heresy.
　Rather, it was a revolutionary idea to use the scriptures themselves as weapons, making them a deadly poison against heresy.
<Page11>
"The Dead and other 'non-human' creatures are no match for verbal evacuation.
　It is because their souls 'no longer understand the meaning'.
　Human reason is something that only people can understand.
　The words of the Lord will not reach those who have become dead.
<Page12>
"So---we inscribe the Holy Word on the body itself, not the soul, and rewrite it into the right rules.
　The tainted soul cannot be saved, but only the body can be made human again through the Holy Word.
　It is like putting a key in the hole of emptiness called "immortality" and turning it.
　The dead who are armed with the scriptures will 'remember' their former bodies, even if only in that part, and will disappear.
<Page13>
"The above is the fundamental mechanism of scriptural armament.
　This is the first time that the black key was made at that time, the first armament.
　What appears to be a handle is a page cut from a scriptural manuscript.
　The deputy carries this with him, hardening it into the shape of a handle with the power of his own magic ...... excuse me, prayer.
　In battle, if you put magic, excuse me, and prayer into this handle, it will shift to the state of automatic baptism. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
<Page14>
"Around the ninth century, the black key settled down to its current form and was widely used as the most excellent scriptural armament.
　There are many throwing techniques, such as shadow stitching, time jumping, iron armor action, cremation ceremony, burial ceremony, conclave, and many other variations.
　However,......, the black key was like a bow and arrow, and it was also an unsteady weapon whose power varied depending on the user's skill and the amount of magic power."
<Page15>
"I'm sorry, is it okay to use magic power?"
"It's too much trouble, so I'll stop now.
　In the event that you're looking for the best way to get the most out of your business, you'll want to look at the following.
<Page16>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're doing.#　Not only does it take 10 years of training to become a full-fledged archer, but the structure was too simple to begin with to make it any more powerful.
　So it was not powerful enough to deal with the dead, who were becoming more powerful with each passing year.
　With the development of civilization and the ability to mass produce firearms, the number of Black Keysmen dwindled.
<Page17>
"In 1450, with the rise of Gutenberg's printing press, the popularity of the black keys picked up a bit, but it was still no match for the ease of firearms.
　After that, the black key became a maniacal weapon that only devout believers like to use in the church.
　But!
<Page18>
"It was only due to the inexperience of the user.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, please do not hesitate to contact us.
　Because as long as you have the magic power, you can weave as many as you want and take them with you anywhere, you know?
　You can go through the troublesome immigration procedures with ease.
　No need for maintenance like Seven.
　As long as you are a substitute with excellent physical, mental, and magical powers, the Black Key has infinite possibilities!"
<Page19>
　---Okay.
　Is it about time?