<Page1>
"I'm not sure what to say, but I'll say it.
　I've never thought of him as a vampire, and I've never thought of him as a monster. I've thought of him as an amazing person many times, but I've never been scared off by that.
　So please don't say things like you did before.
　It's not like you're some kind of person.
<Page2>
"In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the following web site: ....... In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
　But I don't want to say goodbye like that. The last thing I want to see on my senior's face is a smile.
<Page3>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family and friends.
<Page4>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　I'm not sure what to say, but I'm sure there's a lot of things I want to say, and a lot of things I want to ask, but if I could tell you how I feel, that's enough for now.
<Page5>
"Thank you. I'm so happy to hear from you now, honestly, I'm surprised.
　...... And I'm sorry. You can find a lot of people who are looking for a new way of life.
<Page6>
"I'm sure you'll agree.
　You can find a lot more than just a few of them.
<Page7>
"It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　You can find a lot more information on the web at ....... This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your investment.
<Page8>
"I'm sure you'll agree. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. ...... Well, if you interpret the meaning of "any kind of body" in a broader sense, then it's not limited to that.
"...... So you don't mind being with me?
<Page9>
"I don't hate it. I'm not sure what to say.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　So really, it was all my fault. I'm sure you'll be happy to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page10>
　I bowed my head and apologized.
　It's a great way to make sure you get the most out of your vacation. It's a great way to make sure you don't end up in a situation like that again.
<Page11>
"It's a good idea to have a good time. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. I'm not sure what to make of it.
　In the event that you've got a lot of money to spend, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
"I'm sure you'll agree.
<Page12>
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page13>
"It's a good idea. Then let's shake hands.
"Oh, you mean shake hands?
<Page14>
"Yes. Yes, a handshake to make up. Then let's let bygones be bygones about yesterday.
　Well, if you don't want to hold hands with me, it's fine if you don't.
<Page15>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　You can find a lot of people who are looking for the best way to get the most out of their life.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page16>
"This is a great way to get the most out of your day.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your investment.
<Page17>
"This is a great way to get the most out of your business. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page18>
　I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
　It's a good idea to take a look at the actual
　I'm not sure what to say, but I'm going to say it.