<Page1>
　Not the power of heavy machinery, not the power of explosives, but a controlled natural phenomenon --- a structure crushed by the slightest adjustment of rotation.
　She listened with half dismay, half hostility to the sound of the collapse of the blessings of civilization, the "way of the modern man" built by human society.
<Page2>
　The nun's uniform fluttered in the wind.
　From a height of 20 meters above the ground, the deputy was watching the events unfold.
<Page3>
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I've already hunted down the IV rung class of dead last night.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page4>
"I'm not sure what you're thinking.
　I'm not sure what the vampire was thinking.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page5>
"...... He is also a he. I'm sure he's got some weaknesses."
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　Then the irritation became more certain.
　I'm not sure if it's the vampires or the disgust with them.
　The deputy didn't know if he was disgusted by the vampire or by the combination.
<Page6>
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with your loved ones, you can call us at the web site.
　In the vicinity of the building are the figures of the neighbors who gathered after hearing the commotion.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation.
<Page7>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure if you'll be able to handle the aftermath, acting priest?"
　The substitute does not turn around, but throws his voice into the darkness behind him.
<Page8>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money.
<Page9>
　You can find a lot more information on the web.
　This is a great way to make sure that you are getting the most out of your investment.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　In the event that you have any questions regarding where and the best way to get in touch with us, please do not hesitate to contact us.
<Page10>
"I've heard about you from Dr. Noel. We don't need to introduce ourselves to each other, do we?
<Page11>
"I'm not sure what to say. I've read a lot about your career. I don't need to ask you anything now.
　Now, let's talk about how to handle that thing. My useless subordinate will be rushing over to talk to you soon, so you can get the hell out of here. You don't need to keep hinting to the onlookers downstairs."
<Page12>
　In the event that you've got a lot of money, you'll be able to take advantage of it.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. They will quickly treat this inexplicable phenomenon as an accident.
<Page13>
"That's fine. It will save us a lot of trouble too.
　It is ......, is that okay?　I hear you've been giving Dr. Noel a hard time.
<Page14>
"I'm sure you'll agree. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your money. I'm not so busy torturing tuna. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt if you're acting alone. Or do you want to come along voluntarily, man?
<Page15>
"No problem. I respect the acting priest's words.
　However.#As long as it's a formal procedure."
<Page16>
　I'm not sure what to say.
　He just lifts his mouth in a happy manner.
<Page17>
"It's a good thing I'm a quick talker. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. Or do I owe you one?"
"No need, sir. I'm not sure what to do. You will do your duty, Maario.
<Page18>
"Huh. I thought we were going to have to kill each other here. I'm not sure what to make of it. I'm not sure what to make of it.
<Page19>
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business.
　This is a great way to make sure that you will be able to get the most out of your vacation.
<Page20>
"It's a good idea. This is a great way to get the most out of your business. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. You are not impatient for short-term gains, are you?"
<Page21>
"What?　What is that, trust worthy?　I don't wag my tail to power, do you?　Have you just now awakened to the worship of money?　No, well, it's true that there is no more trustworthy reward than money.
<Page22>
"....... It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for. I am deeply disappointed in you.
"What?　Wait a minute, you big ass bitch. What about your fucking brother?
<Page23>
"I know your brother. I've been on the same mission once before.
　He was misunderstood by those around him because he was the son of Cardinal Laurentius, but he was a man worthy of respect.
　...... That's what he said. If you ever meet my brothers, please go easy on them.#He's a cynical but green and righteous man at heart.
<Page24>
"Damn.#What a disgusting thing to say!
　Die. Just die, that fucking brother!　What are you doing flirting with a single disposable female dog!　You disgrace to Laurentius!
<Page25>
"Yes. That's the only reason I trust you guys. Protect your father's honor. That's why you're doing what you're doing. You have other priorities than capturing me here, don't you?
"............ What's that? I'm not sure what to say.　Is that what your fucking brother said to you?
<Page26>
"No, he never said anything like that.#He was a quiet man anyway. That's just how I felt after spending time with him.
<Page27>
"Damn. This is why kids around 20 years old. You can't get rid of them because they're burning with ideals.
"That was a long time ago. It's been six years since then, and now you're working as your father's assistant, aren't you?　I'm sure he's become a fine man.
<Page28>
"------"
　The substitute is nostalgic for the past, and the boy looks down on it with cold eyes.
　The acting priest, after a slight gnashing of teeth.
<Page29>
"I'm not sure what to say. I'm not going to try to negotiate with you anymore. I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm sure you're after Roa anyway.　It's the same here, but I only have business with his workshop. I'll leave the main body to you.
<Page30>
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　This is a great way to get the most out of your business. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
<Page31>
"You can get a lot more information on the web. I've got one thing I want to ask you. I'll let you off the hook here on the condition that you do."
"---?"
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
<Page32>
　There is only one more thread holding the boy aloft in the air.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your vacation. This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with us.
<Page33>
"It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money. It's a great way to get the most out of your money. I'm not sure what to make of it.　I'm not sure what to do.
　I'm sure you'll be happy to hear that.
"I'm not a fan. Shall I burn the last one?
<Page34>
"It's a good idea to take a look at the actual information on the web, as well as to make sure you're getting the most out of it.
　This is a great way to make sure that you get the most out of your time and money. What do you want?
<Page35>
"It's about the treatment of my colleague.
　You've already met her. Then I think you will understand my proposal.
<Page36>
　The tone of voice of the representative is cold.
　This is a great way to make sure you are getting the most out of your time with your family.
　Even if it didn't put it into words, it told him this.
"Delegate Noel is at his limit. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page37>
"That's right.
　I'll take care of the personnel transfer if it's not too much trouble. Is that okay?　If you leave it to me, you'll be using it for whatever you want.
<Page38>
"No problem. If possible, I'll have it done in the next few days. She's also been bled by the Vroob Arkhangelis. It's not a problem, but it's a contingency. You'll have to run a contamination check on your own authority.
<Page39>
"I'm not sure what to make of that.
　It's a bit of a mess, even from my point of view. I'll give you a full body check as soon as I can. It's a great way to get out of the way.
<Page40>
　The deal was done.
　This time the boy exits from a height of 20 meters in the air.
　The only thing that remains is the figure of the nun's uniform fluttering in the wind.
　I'm not sure what to make of that.