<Page1>
　After midnight. The lights of the mansion are completely out.
　I bypassed the front door and went around to the kitchen door of the west wing and went inside.
<Page2>
　I used this kitchen door on my way out, but fortunately it was unlocked.
　In the event that you have any kind of questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
<Page3>
"'---Huu.'
　I took a breath and sat down on the bed.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
<Page4>
　I'm not sure what to do.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
"You can't help it. I'm not sure what to do.
<Page5>
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one.
<Page6>
"-----"
　For a moment, I had a headache that felt like a needle in a haystack.
　I wonder ...... what it is.
　The headache now felt different from the previous ones.
　It's not a pain, it's a guilty pleasure.
　This is a great way to make sure that you don't have to worry about your own personal safety.
<Page7>
　I'm not sure what to make of this. ...... Close your eye lids slowly.
　It's a great way to get a good night's sleep.
　As I fall into the irresistible darkness, I try to track down what is stupid, but my consciousness is cut off like a thousand pieces.
<Page8>
　I can't ........................ sleep.
　It's probably because there are too many things to think about.
　A lot of things come to mind.
　When you close your eyes, your thoughts seem to become more acute.
　Now that I'm awake, I can't sleep right away.
　I give up and get out of bed.
<Page9>
　At times like this, reading is the only way to go.
　I put on my jacket to keep myself warm and go through my things.
　Unfortunately, the only books I could find were the ones I was familiar with, but I was killing time anyway, so I wasn't looking for anything new.
<Page10>
　With a book in hand that I've looked through many times, I move to the sunroom next door.
　It's in good taste to have a room for reading.
　I sit down on a chair and turn the pages.
<Page11>
　My first emotion was rather pity.
　Not anger, not disappointment.
　I just felt pity for everything I saw.
(Of course, it is my own body that is most pitiful.
<Page12>
　He was born at the end of the fifteenth century.
　He was born into a wealthy family, received a fine education, and grew up healthy in body and mind.
　He understood good deeds, recognized no vices, and was free from all sins.
　The people respected him as a child prodigy and never doubted the further development of their land.
<Page13>
　However. He refused his parents' wish for him to take over the plantation and set his sights on the gates of the house of God , cited.
　This was at a time when the corruption ...... of the church and the pursuit of worldly gain by the powerful ...... was about to take root and the fruit was about to fall to the ground.
<Page14>
　His parents were disappointed, but were willing to send him away if he wished.
　Or perhaps he could dispel the stench of corruption that pervades this country.
　Of course.
　It is not possible for the son of a prominent family who has nothing behind him to change the world.
<Page15>
　He passed through many cities, got to know many people, saw how many things came to be, and came to the same conclusion anyway.
　Man is wonderful.
　It is the most excellent life of all that the Lord has sown in the earth.
　The only and greatest beauty of this weak, fragile, May-less, irredeemable animal.
"He found the Lord's intention in human nature, which cannot help but seek meaning.
<Page16>
　He met people every day.
　People who lived in the city. People who visited the cities. It didn't matter which.
　It was his joy to talk with someone, a stranger, and learn about their life.
"There is always one truth in every person's life."
　Even if it is insignificant, or of no interest at all, it is certain to have meaning.
<Page17>
　He tried hard to know many people.
　His friends laughed at him, saying, "Ten is enough.
　The teachers chided him, "Keep it to a hundred.
　The priests said, "Know all men.
　Only his best friend foresaw the future, saying, "This is the beginning of hell.
<Page18>
　When he followed his friend's advice and carefully documented the lives of a thousand people, he hit a wall.
　It was not that he was broken-hearted by the uninteresting and unrewarding act.
　On the contrary.
　He wanted to know more about people. A thousand or two thousand was not enough. He wanted to gather more and more truths.
<Page19>
　But not enough.
　Overwhelmingly not enough.
　Even if he talked to people every day for 60 years, he couldn't even cover all the people in this city.
　And that's not all. Even while I'm doing this, the number of people keeps increasing. The world keeps expanding. Possibilities continue to be born.
　Ahh... too much, too little time for humans!
<Page20>
　Think about it.
　He lacked happiness as an individual from the beginning.
　He was said to be a child prodigy, but that was the mistake of those around him.
　He was a man of extremely average ability.
　If human abilities were simply quantified, their total value would have been no different from that of his immediate neighbors.
　It's just that the numbers were skewed in one direction.
<Page21>
　He was more interested in the world than in the people.
　Instead of being interested in the group, he lacked a love for the individual.
　Instead of self-improvement, he lacked the desire for power.
　Instead of dreaming of the future, he lacked the compassion to reflect on the present.
　In short, he was too impersonal.
<Page22>
　And yet, he was better than anyone.
　He loved human values, he loved the lives of good people, and he was more fervent in his faith than anyone else.
　It is true that he could not have changed the religious world. But he could have been a factor.
　"Even though he was a child prodigy who loved humans but could not love others, he was an undeniable saint until his time came.
<Page23>
　---That was before he learned about the lives of others.
　　　　He was still young, a child.
　Because he was mature in spirit, even as a child, he could not process the wonders that were there as "unreachable.
<Page24>
　There were no wonders for a boy who understood what society was all about.
　Rain, clouds, and ghosts were all things he could understand.
　For the boy, wonder was something that could not be understood at that time.
　It's something that everyone passes off as "just something that's there.
　For him, it is the last of his childhood.
　He was a brighter star than other boys his age thought.
　So...
<Page25>
　　　I still remember it.
　　　I still remember that time when I stole my father's eyes and went on a one-night trip.
　　　High and mighty.
　　　I remember the wonder of that stone that was staring at me without any support.
<Page26>
　The white disk that shines in the sky and the cloud that blurs that disk.
　What is that?
　With what kind of intention, by what kind of mechanism does it exist?
　Expectation, interest, and fear of something unreachable.
　All of these things were imprinted in his mind as a shining star.
<Page27>
　The beginning and the driving force.
　It was too sinful, too foolish.
　He wished at this time for the Lord of Heaven to reveal everything in the universe in a logical way.
<Page28>
　But soon he would know.
　But he soon learns that the "truth" that he had decided to spend his whole life on had already been solved by his predecessors.
<Page29>
　The House of God had stored all knowledge in the name of oppression.
　Mathematics. Astronomy. Geology. History. Architecture. Economics. Medicine. Agriculture. And alchemy, which would later become science.
　The house of God in this age was the world's highest academy and the graveyard of knowledge where all the advanced knowledge was gathered and stored.
<Page30>
　Apes got tools.
　Man gained civilization.
　Scholars read the stars, devised the means of observation, and gained the wisdom to estimate the size of the universe before arriving at the means of flight.
　What is the 'stone' that I looked up at that night?
　Even the question of how this earth was run had already been answered.
<Page31>
　This was the case for all things.
　Every wonder had already been revealed in outline.
　A wise man without a name had written.
"The next thousand years will be a time of proving these things only."
<Page32>
　A world to be unraveled.
　A universe that is being made sense of.
　When he learned that it was being done, what dominated him was not exultation.
　It was fear and inexpressible anger.
<Page33>
"I could have forgiven you for giving up."
"But what is this? What is this? What is this conclusion?"
"Humans are like this, there will come a day when they will know everything."
"And yet---this body has too much time on its hands."
<Page34>
　Compared to the vastness of the world, human life is far too small.
　He has lived to know everything, but the regret of rotting away without knowing anything.
　While he was searching for the meaning of human life, he was made to know that there is no meaning in life.
　If you are a human being, you should be able to understand how miserable a conclusion that is.
<Page35>
　He was afraid of death for the first time at this time.
　Fear of death. Fear of futility. Fear of the endless world. Even though I have gained so much knowledge, I still do not know any of it.
　What I fear is not my own annihilation.
　It is the shattering of one's own purpose that is so terrifying.
<Page36>
　I had to switch my thoughts.
　There is still no "eternity" on earth.
　If it continued to grow and change, he would have to wait for it to be completed.
<Page37>
　He took a wrong step.
　He turned his back on the ladder that hung in the sky.
　What he wanted to see, what he sought, was simple.
　He wanted to know everything.
　He needed an infinite amount of time to do so.
　It was ironic.
　A man who feared an infinite number of human beings sought infinite time as the solution.
<Page38>
'...... Hmm. Well, it's not a bad decision to get off your feet here. Aside from the reformation in the example, the generalization of printing technology is deadly. It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　I'm sure the magic society will be hit even harder. Mass printing will eradicate all superstition. The backbone of mysticism will creak violently.
　Ah, so now it is. Both of us have our hands full cleaning up the garden. If a mad prodigy makes a beeline for the True Father's castle, we won't be able to catch up with him. It's a fire and brimstone. You're trying to take this opportunity to get the nearest eternity, aren't you?
<Page39>
I'm not sure. I'm not sure what to make of it. They are far from eternal. They are only a part of the process. First they kill themselves briefly, then they die as humans.
'Yes. It's ironic that a man who seeks eternity should be in such a hurry to live.
　So, you're leaving the church tomorrow?
<Page40>
I'll leave you in charge of the burial service.
　I don't want the bishop's seat. I've spent all my father's inheritance so far. It was time, you see.
<Page41>
"One is the son of a wealthy country family, the other is a woman with only a holy scar. I'm sure you'll be able to find something that works for you. It's okay, though.
　So you're perfecting your theory of magic? I have no intention of leaving this place, so I can't live with you. Well, fortunately I'm a woman. I'll just have a baby and tell her about you.
'Oh. What will you tell him?#"Narbareck.
<Page42>
'Well, yes. In another hundred years, there will be a new Deadite on the rise. I will tell them that they are wasting their time with him and to ignore him.
'No, there's no need to wait for a hundred years. You're going to be the target of the Inquisition within your lifetime. Ten years will be enough time for you to become the best bloodsucker you can be.
<Page43>
'Ha, nonsense. Start over from the dead, it will take a hundred years even if you are a genius of the decade. Their world is a hell. Their world is a hell of a lot more violent than ours.
If it's a legitimate method, then so be it.
　But if you start out as a top-tier vampire, the laws of their world won't apply to you.
<Page44>
"...... I don't understand. What do you mean by that?
It's very simple.
　You know that the abilities of the dead are affected by the true ancestors who sucked their blood.
　So...
<Page45>
"If you want to become the best mortal.
　　　　If you want to be the best mortal, you should let the best ancestor suck your blood.