<Page1>
...No, I'll wait here.
It's reckless to walk around just after coming back.
I should greet Akiha before I do anything else.
She's the current head of the Tohno family, after all.
<Page2>
I spend some time sitting on the sofa.
The view of the yard from the window matches what I remember.
There was a courtyard the size of four tennis courts, and a garden at the far end that seemed ridiculous to even measure.
On the other side of the garden, there were more woods, and I think-
<Page3>
"Oh. I thought I'd stop by before leaving, but I didn't know you were already here.
The sudden voice made me turn around and gasp.
In front of the corridor door leading to the lobby, 
there was a strange all-black figure.
<Page4>
"Hello, Shiki. Welcome to the Tohno residence...
Actually, is that wrong? In your case, it would better to say 'welcome back'."
<Page5>
A man, probably in his thirties by the sound of his voice... walks into the living room with a familiar gait.
The fact that he is all-black is not a metaphor.
For whatever reason, his hands and even his face were covered with black bandages.
It makes him look just like a monster from a mystery novel.
<Page6>
"...Excuse me, who are you?"
"Hmm? Don't you remember?
It's me, Saiki Gotou.
We've seen each other a few times when you were a kid, albeit not like this. Even if you remembered, you wouldn't recognize my face."
<Page7>
Saiki...?
I wonder if there was any branch of the Tohno family with such a name.
No, before that... this person is, well...
<Page8>
"It's alright, I'm used to being looked at strangely.
I burned my face in an accident. For a long time now, I can't go out unless I wear this. Sunlight is especially harsh.
Akiha also dislikes me, but I can't help it. She is also partly responsible for this."
<Page9>
Saiki walked over to the tray, made himself a cup of tea, and brought it to his lips.
It was an exaggerated gesture, but it didn't seem rude.
It was a gesture of one born with natural dignity... a casual elegance.
<Page10>
"But... Well, I'm surprised you came back."
"......What?"
"I'm talking about you, Shiki. You broke Makihisa's orders and escaped from the mansion, and as a result, you were involved in a stupid accident and deserted."
<Page11>
"Deserted. Yes, deserted. You who threw away your parent's investment and abandoned your duty, yet here you are, back at the mansion, trying to act like Akiha's brother.
Don't you feel ashamed of yourself?"
<Page12>
"------"
I tried to stand up, but my legs refused to move and I leaned my back deeply against the sofa.
There was obvious contempt and provocation in Saiki's eyes, but there was no point in making a scene here. After all, there was no mistake in what he said.
<Page13>
"Oh. Don't you have any objections?"
"No, it's true that I abandoned my duty.
But don't you think it's embarrassing for you to use words like "deserted" and "investment" when talking about your own family?"
<Page14>
"I chose the right words exactly because we were talking about family.
Fostering is an investment in the family's future. Individual freedom does not exist in the chosen bloodline, in the noble family line.
Freedom.. no, egotism would describe it better. These are rights that you can only acquire after you become an adult and can carry your family on your shoulders."
<Page15>
"You're Tohno's son, but you didn't understand that. Unlike Akiha, you're third-rate. Well, the only first-rate thing about you is that you had the nerve to come back after falling so low."
<Page16>
"------"
"Don't stare at me like that, Shiki. It was just an objective statement. It's not my personal assessment.
It seems that I have misled you, as I am not opposed to your return. If anything, I'm in favor of it, and in the first place, it was the decision of the current head of the Tohno family. It's not something that I, an outsider, can say anything about, can I?"
<Page17>
An outsider. ......?
Then this man is not from a branch of the family?
<Page18>
"The Saiki family has been on an equal footing with the Tohno family since my grandfather's generation. In modern terms, we'd call them business partners.
I’m only here on business today. It may have dragged on for a while, but I got a satisfying response. I’m headed home in a good mood.
Aah, the last thing I want to do is spoil your homecoming with my creepy appearance. Please, excuse me."
<Page19>
The man with the black bandages... leaves the living room with an ironic smile on his face.
<Page20>
"..............."
I bit my lip when Saiki said the word "deserter" to me.
It was a very accurate description of my position in the house, just as he had said.
<Page21>
"Excuse me."
Exactly ten minutes later, the girl came back.
<Page22>
"......? Shiki-sama, is there something wrong?"
It seems she noticed that I had sunk into the words of Saiki.
<Page23>
"It's not a problem. It's just that I'm under a little pressure. Thank you for the tea, it was delicious."
<Page24>
"Aww, You're very welcome.
Thank you for the compliment, too."
She gave me a shy smile, which made me feel warm as well.
<Page25>
"And now, let's get down to business.
Sorry to keep you waiting. Since Akiha-sama has finished her business, please come to her office."
<Page26>
I headed upstairs from the main staircase in the center of the lobby.
The office... is the center of the Tohno family.
It is Tohno Makihisa's private room as the head of the family, which I was not allowed to enter as a child.
A room that each successive head of the Tohno family used.
Now, my sister Akiha is waiting for me there...