<Page1>
...... I've already offended Akiha today.
This is not to make up for it, but I wanted to have a light chat to ease the distance ...... between us, or rather alleviate the spiky wall between us.
<Page2>
However, time is time.
It is not advisable to visit a woman's room without an appointment, even if she is your sister.
<Page3>
"I'm not sure where her room is in the first place,.......
I think it's in the back of the east wing. ......"
<Page4>
I'll have to ask Hisui or Kohaku next time.
For now, ...... yes, let's go to the living room.
They relax in the living room after dinner, and Akiha might still be there.
<Page5>
"Oh. It's been a day, Shiki. After a night, are you starting to feel like you're back in Tohno house?"
"------"
I restrained myself from letting out a yelp of surprise.
In the living room, there was that man ...... I met yesterday, the bandaged monster, Saiki Gyojin.
<Page6>
"...... Good evening. Saiki Gyojin, right?"
<Page7>
"Just Saiki. A full name is something that only someone worthy of recognition would want to be mentioned."
With a smile laced with mockery, Saiki said this.
<Page8>
"...... I'm a little surprised. A visit at this hour?"
I didn't respond to the sarcasm, but replied with a generalization.
I don't know anything about this person yet. I should get to know the person first and then figure out how to respond.
<Page9>
"What time is it? Oh, it's before lights out, isn't it?
It's one of the bad traditions left by Makihisa. He dims the lights of the mansion before the clock strikes midnight and forces the residents to sleep.
He hated the night. Or, more accurately, he hated waking up at night.
The Western-style building and the history of the place are wonderful, but I don't like the way this place is run.
The head of the Tohno family is not supposed to turn away from the night."
<Page10>
"...... What's wrong with that? It's much better than making noise all night."
I had my own complaint about the early lights-out time, but I retorted.
He insulted Makihisa but to me it felt like Akiha was being insulted as the successor of Tohno family.
<Page11>
"Did I offend you? No,  You seem to know your place a little better than I do.
Even though you were disowned, you still defend your father's honor. Mr. Makihisa has a good son."
"I'm asking you if it's absurd for you to be here at this hour." 
"It's not absurd. I'm coming home to my own house after a late day's work. ...... Isn't this a very natural routine?
<Page12>
"------"
Now I'm confused.
I'm coming home to my house.......Did this man say this mansion was his home?
But yesterday, he said he was certainly not a relative of the Tohno family.
<Page13>
"I'm sorry. It was a bit of a hasty reply.
I am a stranger. I've been given a room to stay in but I'm a guest. For now, anyway."
With a chuckle, Saiki left the sofa.
He seemed to be planning to leave the living room.
<Page14>
"I'm just here to pick up some materials for my room tonight, Shiki.
I lied when I said that I had finished my work. The development of the city of Souya is just beginning. There are still a lot of things that need to be done. Tonight I'm going to stay awake.
<Page15>
"This is what I was criticizing Makihisa for.
There is no day or night in modern business. It's a stupid policy to just wait for morning when night falls. If you keep running the company in the same old fashioned way, the people who will take over will be in trouble.
<Page16>
After that Saiki went out into the hallway.
Not long after, I heard Kohaku's voice coming from the lobby. She was probably escorting the guest to the door.
I'm not sure what the relationship was between the man who is taking over the company and my old man, but from the way he said it, it doesn't sound like they had a good relationship.
<Page17>
".................."
I can't say I'm happy about it.
I'll leave the chat with Akiha for another time.
I decided to go back to my room and rest quietly tonight.