<Page1>
"............ heat."
　I woke up with a feeling of breathlessness.
　I got out of bed, changed out of my nightgown into civilian clothes, and took out the knife I had stored in my desk.
　It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.
　Let's go downstairs and drink some water.
<Page2>
　In the cafeteria.
　To the cafeteria.
　To the cafeteria.
　It was after midnight.
　Not a soul in the corridors of the mansion, not a soul to be passed, not a defenseless back to be found.
　Wrong time.
　If I'd walked out an hour earlier, I would have been able to be a little more selective.
<Page3>
　I walk slyly.
　The thing that is making a sly sound
　It is the thing that is making a sly sound.
　I'm not walking on the sly.
　The time was right.
　If I had walked out an hour earlier, I wouldn't have been able to stroll casually like this.
<Page4>
　Sly.
　Grabbing the woman's hair in one hand and walking.
　Long hair. I decided on this woman because she resembled Akiha.
　The face is not even similar. I just liked her hair.
<Page5>
　I walked through the lobby and arrived at the cafeteria.
　I took my hand away from her hair.
　The woman is still unconscious.
　I didn't kill her.
　I hadn't eaten dinner, and I wanted to eat in the most appetizing way possible.
　I've heard that the blood of the dead is cold and not very good, and that the value of life has been lost.
<Page6>
　The neck of the woman without makeup is like a sweet transparent pastry.
　Not bad.
　I put my mouth on her neck, holding the knife in one hand.
<Page7>
　---What.
　I woke up from a dream that was in poor taste.
<Page8>
　I woke up from my sleep and my consciousness slowly became aware of my surroundings.
　My throat is very thirsty, and my whole body is buzzing and all hairy.
<Page9>
"What a dream.
　I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming.
　I can't believe it.
　You can't just go out at night, put a complete stranger in a coma from behind, and take her into a back alley.
　It's a good thing that it's a dream, but if you were to do something like that in real life, you'd be crazy.
<Page10>
"I'm not sure what to make of it.
　I'm not sure why, but I'm going to adjust my breathing.
　You can find a lot more information on the web.
<Page11>
"Ha--- ha--- ha---"
　...... My chest is in so much pain that I don't think I can sleep twice.
　I'll turn on the lights in my room and read a book until the morning comes.
<Page12>
　It seems that cold water was poured on the head.
　My eyes, gradually.
　I'm getting used to the darkness.
<Page13>
"-------- ---.
　I stopped breathing.
　It's not my room.
　A deserted alleyway.
　I have a bare knife in my hand.
　In front of me.
　A strange woman, lying unconscious.
<Page14>
"She's at --------. --"
　What the...
　What am I doing here?
　Is it not a dream?
　It wasn't a dream, was it?
<Page15>
"-------- --
　It must be a dream.
　I've never thought that I would want to do something like this before.
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your time with your family and friends.
<Page16>
"Oh..."
　It's a great way to make sure you're getting the most out of your money.
　Red blood. I'm not sure what to say. I'm not sure what to do.
　Even though I don't want to think about such things for a minute.
　Now, I can't help but want to see that color.
<Page17>
　Take it apart. Take it apart. Take it apart. Break it up.
　An impulse that repeats in time with the beating of my heart.
　What is this?
　This is like ■■■■.
　For example, like that guy.
　It is like a creature that is freed from boring ties and is not bound by anyone.
<Page18>
"...... what."
　Speaking of which.
　I'm not sure what to make of it.
"It's a great way to get the most out of your life. Your bad luck ends here.
<Page19>
"No."
"Why don't you realize that?
　You don't even realize it, but you're really a crazy murderer who died a long time ago!"
<Page20>
"No. That's not possible."
　But, what?
　What is this?
　I don't know why I'm doing this.
　Even now that I've realized this, why am I holding a knife to the woman's neck?
　In the first place, this...
　What happened to the sight of blood that I tasted last night?
<Page21>
"No, no, no. ......!
　It's a dream. It's a dream!　Because I don't remember that, I don't remember what I did on Sunday, what..."
　---that's when I finally noticed.
　This morning, I felt strange. My memory is completely disconnected.
　In the first place, I have no memory of what I was doing on Saturday and Sunday.
<Page22>
"That... that, that, that...?"
　I desperately try to remember. I have a vague memory of Saturday.
　But Sunday is a blank. There's nothing. I have no memory.
　I don't know how long I've had this.
"Because I heard that all the people who became Roa's reincarnation keep their identity and change easily one day."
　I'm not sure if I'll be able to do that.
<Page23>
"----n."
　The woman's eye lid moved.
　The woman's consciousness wakes up.
　It's not good. It's a great way to make sure you get the most out of your vacation.
　If you wake up, you will not be able to take it back. There is no excuse. We have to destroy the evidence. If I don't get this woman out of the way before she makes her move, I'm gonna...
<Page24>
"Ah!"
　The knife moves.
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　No.
　I don't need to see the death ray.
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　That's it, really.
　There's no point in hesitating. Because you...
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　I'm gonna keep going.
　How many times have I already cut off your white neck?
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　You'll be a creature of less than flesh.
<Page25>
　My fingertips go numb. I can't pull them back.
"...... who?"
　I hear a woman's voice.
　She noticed the knife that was being held to her neck.
"Ki---"
"Ahhhhhhh!"
<Page26>
　The woman's scream was drowned out by my scream.
　Scream. I kept screaming like a broken siren, and before I knew it, I was running.
<Page27>
"Ha, ha, ha, ha---!"
　My fingers tremble.
　My mind is completely blank.
　But I could barely get out of the car before I plunged the knife into that woman.
　If ...... if she had screamed before I did.
　I'd have been that ----
<Page28>
"'Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, .........!
　Scary.
　That's scary.
　This is scarier than any fear I've ever experienced.
<Page29>
"Ha, ha, ha, ha, ......!"
　It's after me.
　It's covering my back.
　No matter how hard I run I can't escape my fear.
<Page30>
"Ha, ha, ha, ha!"
　I run into the room and lock the door.
　This is a great way to make sure that you don't end up in a situation where you're not the only one.
<Page31>
"...... is ...... ah, ugh ......!"
　I'm scared.
　If you don't lock your door quickly, they will come into your room.
　There is something uncanny coming into the room.
<Page32>
"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ............!"
　I have to lock the door, I have to lock the door.
　Don't let it in this room.
　You can't let it out of this room.
　But what?
　I don't know.
　I don't know, but I keep locking the door like a madman.
<Page33>
　The only thing turning was the doorknob. My fingers are gripping the knob and won't let go. I turn the knob like a madman. Clatter, clatter, clatter. A deafening sound pours from my eardrums into my brain. Clatter, clatter, clatter.#Zaku.#With my other hand, I stabbed the knife into the wrist that held the doorknob.
<Page34>
　Finally, the sound ceased.
　Slippery. Slippery. This time, it slipped and I couldn't pick up the key properly.
　Slippery. Slippery. Nuru-uri.#Bokiri. Bokiri. Nuru-uri. Bokiri.
　When I broke the third one, I knew it was over.
　I knew I couldn't do it anymore.
　But my other hand just wouldn't let go of the knife, so I couldn't lock the door forever at this rate.
<Page35>
"Ha--- ha, ha, ha ............!"
　Since I had no choice, I thrust the knife into my palm and made just the right slot. I made it!　I was so happy that I put my palm against the key.#It's a good idea. A piece of metal gets stuck in the gap between the flesh. I burst out laughing at the intense pain. I thought my mouth would split open from laughing so hard. I twist my wrist while laughing at the pain. Nucha.#Kachi, sly. Well done.#Finally, the key turned.
<Page36>
"That's it, that's it...!"
　I can't stop laughing.
　I was thirsty, so I hit the door to go to the dining room.
　It won't open. It won't open. It won't open.
　I can't help it, so I put my mouth on the palm of my bloody hand and try to drink the liquid.#It doesn't taste good at all. Because the throat is still made of human, there is no toughness only to drink up the viscous liquid.
<Page37>
　Suddenly, my eyes meet with someone I don't recognize.
　The man reflected in the window looked supremely happy and supremely pathetic.
　That's when I finally understood.
　I'm done with this.