<Page1>
　This is a great way to make sure that you don't have to worry about your own health and well-being. ...... Indeed, if you have a headache like this, it will only cause trouble for both of you.
　It's not that you can't see them anymore. It is better to take it easy now.
<Page2>
"...... Well, yes, ...... today.
"I'm glad to hear you're taking the day off.
　...... Shiki, are you able to walk by yourself?
<Page3>
"I'm not sure if I'll be able to walk to my room.
　I think I can make it to my room, so can you please contact Amber?
<Page4>
　I'm going to give Arihiko's contact information to Amber.
　I'm not sure what to do, but I'm sure I'm not the only one.
<Page5>
"I'm not sure what to do.
　I'll contact Inui-sama and bring you some medicine. I'm sure you'll be pleased with the results.
<Page6>
　...... She slightly disheveled the hem of her kimono as she made a short run toward the east wing.
　...... the back of her head as if she was running away.
　...... Speaking of which.
　...... similar scene, as if you had just recently tasted it.
<Page7>
"------"
　I feel nauseous. I feel sick. I don't want to search my memory. I've got a bad feeling about this.
　If I don't, I won't be able to take a single step.
　While I'm still conscious, I'll move to a place where I can be alone.
<Page8>
　My head is spinning as if I have a heavy cold.
　My rubbery brain is bouncing around.
　I have no sense of equilibrium. I walk with my hands on the wall to keep from falling over from the dizziness.
　And.
<Page9>
　Now.
　There was a brand new, bloody mark on the wall in the hallway.
<Page10>
"------"
　The headache was so bad that I forgot everything.
　My room is just a stone's throw away.
　Before I saw something strange.
　Before I see something strange, before I remember something I don't remember.
　If I could just escape to the safety of my bed, everything would be all right again, just like this morning.
<Page11>
　Before I knew it, the sun had set.
　The medicine Amber had prepared was only mildly effective.
　The headache didn't go away, but the dullness and itchiness in my limbs didn't bother me anymore.
　I'm lying in bed.
　Lying there, I pay attention to the noises in the mansion.
<Page12>
　I can hear the distant bustle from outside.
　At the bottom of the hill, the hustle and bustle in front of the station, more than a kilometer away from the mansion.
　The activity scattered in the residential area.
　The engine of a car running on the national highway.
　The leaves of the trees rustling in the garden.
　I can hear those fine sounds very well now.
<Page13>
"And yet..."
　I count the time on my bed.
　The time is almost seven o'clock, and it is probably dinner time on the first floor.
　The house does not welcome anyone, and as usual, the night is peaceful.
"Today, it's awfully quiet.
　I'm sinking, lacking something.
<Page14>
　Close your eye lids.
　I move away from the headache.
　I feel submerged, like I've taken my hands off a float in the middle of the ocean.
　...... Now I can finally feel at ease.
　I surrendered myself to a red sleep to escape the pain of reality.