<Page1>
......I've already offended Akiha today.
This isn't to make up for it, but I want to have a lighthearted chat to ease the feeling of distance... or rather, alleviate the spiky wall that stands between us.
<Page2>
However, the timing is important.
It wouldn't be appropriate to visit a girl's room out of the blue, even if she's your sister.
<Page3>
"I'm not sure where her room is in the first place.......
I think it's in the back of the east wing......."
<Page4>
I'll have to ask Hisui or Kohaku-san next time.
For now...... well, let's go to the living room.
They said Akiha would spend some time in the living room after dinner so she might still be there.
<Page5>
"Oh. It's been a day, Shiki-kun. After a night, are you starting to feel like you're back in the Tohno residence?"
"------"
I restrain myself from raising my voice in surprise.
That man was in the living room...... The mysterious man I met yesterday, the bandaged monster, Saiki Gotou.
<Page6>
"......Good evening. Saiki Gotou-san, right?"
<Page7>
"Just call me Saiki. A full name is something mentioned only by those worthy of recognition."
With a smile laced with mockery, Saiki replies.
<Page8>
"......I'm a little surprised. A visit at this hour?"
I didn't respond to his sarcasm, but only replied with generalities.
I don't know anything about this person yet. I should get to know him first and then figure out how to respond.
<Page9>
"At this hour? Ah, it's before lights out, isn't it?
It's one of the bad traditions left by the Makihisa. He dims the lights of the mansion before the clock strikes midnight and forces the residents to sleep.
He hated the night. Or, more accurately, he hated waking up at night.
This Western-style building and the history of the place are wonderful, but I am not in favor of this rule.
The head of the Tohno family is not supposed to turn away from the night."
<Page10>
"......What's wrong with that? It's much better than making noise all night."
I had my own complaints about the early lights-out time as well, but I soon changed my mind.
He insulted Makihisa, but to me it feels like Akiha is being insulted as the successor of the Tohno family.
<Page11>
"Did I offend you? Splendid. It seems like you know your place around here.
Even though you were disowned, you still defend your father's honor. It seems like Makihisa has a good son."
"I'm asking you what are you doing here at such an absurd hour."
"It's not absurd at all. I'm coming home to my own house after a late day's work.......isn't this a very natural routine?"
<Page12>
"------"
Now I'm confused.
I'm coming home to my house....... Did this man say that this mansion is his home?
But yesterday, he definitely said he was not a relative of the Tohno family---
<Page13>
"I'm sorry. It was a bit of a hasty reply.
I am an outsider. I've been given a room to stay in but my position is simply that of a guest. For now, anyways."
With a chuckle, Saiki leaves the sofa.
......He seems to be planning to leave the living room.
<Page14>
"I'm just here to bring some materials to my room tonight, Shiki-kun.
I lied when I said that I finished my work. The development of the city of Souya is just beginning. There are still a lot of things that need to be done. Tonight, I'm going to stay awake."
<Page15>
"This is what I was criticizing Makihisa for.
There is no day or night in modern business. It's a stupid policy to just wait for morning when night falls. If you keep running the company in the same old fashioned way, the people who will take over will be in trouble."
<Page16>
After that Saiki goes out into the hallway.
Not long after, I hear Kohaku-san's voice coming from the lobby. She is probably escorting the guest to the door.
Taking over the company...... I'm not sure what the relationship was between Saiki Gotou and my old man, but from the way he said it, it doesn't sound like a good one.
<Page17>
".................."
I felt an inexpressible sense of unease.
I'll leave the chat with Akiha for another time.
I decide to go back to my room and rest quietly tonight.