<Page1>
It's been three minutes since the start of homeroom.
The replacement teacher for Toyama-sensei has not arrived.
<Page2>
The classroom is buzzing and order is breaking down.
To be more specific, students are all over the place.
<Page3>
Everyone in the class thinks that if we are going to be left like this, we should play until the first period starts.
One more minute. Let's just hold out for one more minute.
Just as we were creating an unspoken agreement to do whatever we wanted afterward, the door swung open.
<Page4>
"Okay, everyone, let's settle down, settle down.
Homeroom is starting!"
<Page5>
The buzz in the air instantly calms down.
The teacher who walks into the classroom is a person that I had never seen before, a person who is not Japanese by any means, and in fact, looks like a university student. An unexpected visitor.
<Page6>
"Huh? What's up with this atmosphere?
Everyone froze up all of a sudden...
What am I, a 'Basilisk' woman?# Oh wait, that metaphor is a bit obscure, isn't it? Erm, in Japanese terms, maybe something like the girl from 'The Ring'? But Sensei's name isn't Sadako, you know."
<Page7>
'Isn't that metaphor a bit old?', I thought in my head while raising an eyebrow.
Meanwhile, the mysterious woman stands at the podium without a hint of concern and clears her throat deliberately.
<Page8>
"Nice to meet you. I'm Noel Aizome, the new substitute for Toyama-sensei who has been transferred.
We'll be hanging out for only a month, but I'm looking forward to working with you all."
<Page9>
"I'll be teaching Phys Ed and English, my favorite food is Mont Blanc, the best gift I could receive would be cash or web money, and my taboo word is 'Pet Shop'.
I'm always open to questions, so feel free to attack me, okay ♡."
<Page10>
"――――――"
A faint noise echoes through the classroom.
It was the sound of the boys as they unconsciously rose from their chairs after receiving a wink from Noel-Sensei.
I have to admit that I am taken aback as well.
<Page11>
Noel-sensei is not a strikingly beautiful woman.
She's not spectacularly beautiful, but she's within my reach.
Although she's a little bit older than me, 
it's like she's filled with a charm that can't be put into words.
Anyways, that was something like a fluffy whip that stimulated the yearnings of high school boys at first sight.
<Page12>
"I have a question! How old are you, Noel-sensei?"
"More importantly, where do you live?"
"I want to know how you spend your days off and what your hobbies are!"
"Or rather, what is your favorite type of high school student?"
<Page13>
Immediately, a storm of questions erupts from the boys.
These topics are usually discussed in an anonymous forum, but the guys who were hit by her wink couldn't even wait for that.
<Page14>
The girls look at them coldly as if saying, 'Boys are pathetic,' but it seems that the scorn of classmates who they are tired of looking at are not important to them as they are in the heat of the moment.
<Page15>
"You guys are like flying fish, thank you!
Eeh, the girls would probably expose my age anyway so let's just say I'm 25 years old. I live in a rented apartment two stations away, my favorite type of men are the mature, artistic type. My hobby is helping out at the church on Sundays. There's a church in the next town over, so if you're interested, I'd be happy if you'd come over and pray."
<Page16>
"Church? What are you, a Sister? I mean, are you a Sister as a hobby?"
"Yep. It's not that uncommon in my country. Well, I'm still a volunteer though, just trying to resolve confessions of the troubled lambs, you know."
<Page17>
"Oh... oooh..."
The boys are stunned by Noel's unexpectedly good response.
I, too, am a bit taken aback by the novelty of the word 'Sister'.
<Page18>
Meanwhile, the girls are silently fiddling with their phones.
I casually check the anonymous bulletin board for students.
<Page19>
'What's with that, boys are so stupid...'
'Is she really that beautiful?'
'I wonder if she's half French or something'
'I mean, isn't that woman a little too blatant?'
<Page20>
...There you have it.
There is a lot of negative talk on the board.
<Page21>
Thus, the class has become a mysterious space divided into simple factions of 'boys' and 'girls'.
In other words, we have gone back to the primitive age of middle school students cursing each other, saying stuff like 'boys are terrible' and 'girls are annoying'.
<Page22>
She looks at the situation with a warm smile and says,
"Ufufu. I wonder if these kids are alright in their heads."
The new teacher makes a scathing remark.
<Page23>
I couldn't keep up with the atmosphere of the classroom so I looked away, making eye contact with Yumizuka in the process. She seems not to be in it as well, looking as absent-minded as I am.
...What is this atmosphere?
The classroom is abuzz with color. What seemed to be a peaceful day has taken an unexpected turn.
